test:  return a list of all the size of a given list of ]partition .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  sorted   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx switches .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  enables the dictionary of the probes dictionary should be used in the expand deploy deploy .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  return   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add paths to a theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template based on a file .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   try
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert files and format path to a string .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   strip
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a python file path for test data files .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  craft a gnu triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  cleave   statistics
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a test unless a screenshot with given name and defined in the numbers of a scenario .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  are   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the program and the vcs tools that fills an instance or none .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  determine   idea
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  you can override this fixture to enable modules in a test celery app .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  a decorator for methods not implemented in a function with a specific values .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  getting   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project and project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  helper function to format the time field for the provided format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' file given a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  returns an iterable over nodes chosen colors .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  attempts to do a user groups have been groups .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  to   grain
truth:  process   process

test:  translates the value of rrset from wsdl proposed by userservice when a given wsdl parameter is needed .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  based   null
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a new string using base16 rendered by <branch_name> .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute the number of observations observations according to the activation .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  mask matching method .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  exit   logs
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function that has an allauth .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  escapes the windows and mac address .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  reconstruct   change
truth:  fix   line

test:  check localization .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  strip a query parse keywords .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  strip   method
truth:  split   split

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   return
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a tgz file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  return   a

test:  a grid of requesttypes returns: exception if it do not already exist .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   api
truth:  request   request

test:  calculate the number of seconds seconds that will return the most recent seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  measure chunks of a kernel kernel based on their underlying floats .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert an index object from a sequence of integers .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  if the order has no formatters .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert two rows or hadoop matrix to a regular integer .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a shell-like patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  entry point for the main command-line configuration from the commandline attachment configuration .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task start to start user .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  return   request
truth:  start   start

test:  generate explicit explicit replicates replicates filename .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  yields   null

test:  this returns the configuration manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  looks for a certain value as a string .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  common subexpression type for updating a multiple options .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a component exists .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list haproxy servers socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  find   a
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  given a directory and a filename .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  files   null
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file server of remotes .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make matched text metadata .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  time zone with several 8601 bindings .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  algorithm   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns current readpreferencetags passed to the current readpreferencetags .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  render a user as default password for the user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the nth covariance of an expression .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume services .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   null
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a list of product l in predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  we verify the task down by osr tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  build   reset
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  returns the 2d normal distribution parameters x : str the name of the normal distribution .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dict of d1 between two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  returns   inspect
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting for destination destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of bytes to a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  logs data has been automatically post multiple nested thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  returns the sorted windows version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   version

test:  format an object with the namespace and .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  format   a
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay the wait commands before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  stop   return
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sort a sorted list of sdrs .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup [u'"{ .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   permissions
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a password hash definition .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the directory where the pack folders are located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a wrapper for stop/disable/activate .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   api

test:  get the default model class .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  get   templates
truth:  run   run

test:  use sequencematcher class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   check
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of standard python packages .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a valid ipv4 .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault for this image .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter and dictionary values of a function receives a parsed arguments .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network chart .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a helper function to get the next ports from the given list of enum .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  null   split
truth:  turn   a

test:  check that object is a valid :class: .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert native order or identifier into the python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  returns the dominating set of all nodes of a directed graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a null-terminated binary structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url for the given objects section the course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a records on the instance .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempts to prepend the current options .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a package .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  change   field
truth:  set   x

test:  find the partition of the values in a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get a connection to the accepted database name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  get the fragments coordinate sequence for a given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when main task is called .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_explicit_no_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a directory path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a url .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests if port can be hashed at a given number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a single line of the pred[u][v] .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  make alterations records for testing .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  make   profiling
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  make a transfer function to assign a nfunc transfer symbol .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  make   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  get the path to the rest page auto-generate by readout .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of a tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue background request .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  represent   return
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  return the correct elastic module name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show legend for matplotlib global_config as top of the file .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  show   a
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the global hub to the given period of time .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  instruct   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active a list of objects .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get file object from list .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  file   home
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  dynamically add a variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  replace comments with spaces .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  replace   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a value for display .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  display   display

test:  set the default time of a datetime .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   database
truth:  update   update

test:  return a elliptical .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  calculates   calls
truth:  given   a

test:  handle exception text .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  create an entry in path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list of all commands used for the required_together .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates and remove the title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore the content of a file .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  code   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a compiler of the aliases and returns a generator object .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if an exploration private ids are valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within a python snippet .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the task id for the given id .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  return   task
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string timestamp to the format defined in the given timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  combine the given portinputs chunk as described by the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  combine   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical unit tests .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  create a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  computes the standard binary search for debugging .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  computes   object
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config config for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   override
truth:  override   override

test:  try to get the url for the given route .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  download   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from svn works on svn locations .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   test
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple method to cols the group .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  returns the path to the packages which were installed as a directory .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  clear   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  ynm dropped model h .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys to a registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   grains
truth:  sync   sync

test:  import formatters against an email .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  ensure   watch
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  create   attempts
truth:  view   helper

test:  django template filter for certain objects .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  template   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test whether the specified type is the same as the parameter for x .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  if   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  initialize a mysql connection with language .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  to   null

test:  strip literals function .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert convert to list .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  ensure   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation directory for the current thread .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  override   override

test:  get the list of json file from the database .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  retrieves   fetch
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator to skip tests with callable execution if module is not in callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly from the network configuration files .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   update
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot abort screenshot in the build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escapes the given text so that it can be escaped within a utf-8 single space .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escapes   converts
truth:  insert   insert

test:  converts the output of pickle ends with default arguments for flakes .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the callable used by the current value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of python template names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generates   expand
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove metaclass which are allowed to recreate the removing process .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  find   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return as a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if the given operator has a arithmetic statement .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize datetime object to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  given a scene scene name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  given   show
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait until the timeout changed and returns true if timeout changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   call
truth:  wait   null

test:  this method returns a pipeline appropriate for use in javascript .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  translates   directories
truth:  returns   a

test:  i the message to the given email address .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  clear   i
truth:  email   email

test:  returns the templates as a template string .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in for graph g .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  cast outline to theano variables or salt-run variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager for setting the current node groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a valid action in the specified network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  regression test output with no column .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  tests   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the pdf type associated with the type tag .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a document and add it to its 'de' .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge all constitutes of config' .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  perform   plugin
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test any 'eth records share the 'eth .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  reset   check
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  random test objective function .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  forward a low-level method call to the groebner method .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  compute the square root of the first kind as a list of reverse-sorted coefficients for each entry point .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the headers and return header with the header line .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  the displayed by content and the user is an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for mutiple .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  constructs a calendar object from the first calendars parsed from the id in the calendar set by id .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  constructs   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  check existance in pci .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  check   null
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of supported ports in the system .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  build a list of documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  build   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap the database to the db .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns each type of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  processes   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a slug .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   node
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a subprocess configuration dictionary .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   file
truth:  get   sys

test:  return the packbitstmp level int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads a given file and returns it .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return the appropriate plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  used to determine if raw option is actually a helper function .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convenience function used to make continuous tenant .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  function   get
truth:  print   print

test:  display the users response .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  show   endpoint
truth:  to   null

test:  get a type name for a given type .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of the sequence a string in the count at 0 .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string to specified length .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display featured rotation for a featured form .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects list .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  payment additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  null   entry

test:  identity fnc objects .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a function to be called in a module .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   command
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a string as unicode .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom images with a numpy set of images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  draw   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  return 304 response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if there are any translation changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the arguments passed to the value of the first .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  sample   time
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  iterate over a list of reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  verify that an error is raised in the color representation .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  verify   error
truth:  null   censure

test:  returns a dict patch patch for label .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  view   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  generate a compact section for an object from the given section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create directory to load all directories directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  create   get
truth:  return   a

test:  reload unicode_obj .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   reload

test:  apply spectrum to an first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that uniform take a bug where iterably is signed enough .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all python filepaths in the package package data files .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the provider information for the specified region .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a sequence of 'cannotloadbyte' byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute a set of workload compression to a disk that can be running on the given gb .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  read in the entire document .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   move
truth:  run   a

test:  creates an object in which will be strings .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  executes   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  determines if any of the given sqlite .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  place   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a database exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  close   stream
truth:  is   null

test:  checks whether managed is in manual or in the resources state .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  help hold function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to print out the ids in the given sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that user ids in contributors and contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks access to the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse dates as returned by a date string of time the delimiter module is to make it *pkey* the representation of a python date or even if the date is
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterator over nodes of variational reads the shortest graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can run only steps within scenario strings .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   scenario

test:  generate a collection entry for the given collection as a when downloading is enabled by a pcap .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a nested version of a string .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert integer to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view for 404s to present .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  handles   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  creates a list of hex disk and represent ipv4 address parameters .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  perform   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run the pickled makes a g2 string cmd and returns a string .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   sum
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   user
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the next disconnecting the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  delete a binary system by binary permissions .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  u'new' project to u'new' .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure the config directory .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation for cylindrical x and the points in an infinite drop .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   string
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a path to a file: package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update completion function .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass gcd for a system parameters .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  safe_peekline a user file in an undohandle .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a default page for given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  module function to strip integer values from salt minion secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns otu map file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic os installation to the html page for pages and has links .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  null   page
truth:  is   null

test:  returns all thumbnails for the files or directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted module from a string or dictionary of members listed by name given the string representation .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability args: source : the capability to be removed image : the path to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image horizontally .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  masking   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the given dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return the volume name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  change   import
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install the command-line tool .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course requests .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  checks if the header is connected or zypper list .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path as a dict .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of all the registered containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  assert   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec snapshot from disk .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  stretch the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  looks through all modified key values and assign them as a dictionary .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the syntax .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   result
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the gradient of the first element dict dict dict dict p .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the specified module keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture which provides a helper for win_id tests .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return the first selector for the list of objects in the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  split   null
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that we have a shared updates .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download a bunch of the server responses and possibly providers connections .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  query   c
truth:  is   null

test:  copies photo to the correct directories in one directory .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the lhs of the input shapes .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  create   lhs

test:  merge output tensor to a given dimension tensor .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  output   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  detects metadata of how many formats .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  detects   export
truth:  get   get

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flow   flow

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  a fixture providing a context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  track   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  recursively return a symbolic type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a collection representation of a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all networks networks belonging to network and report .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if path is a link to the given url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of lists of lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   build
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   set
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test raw source estimate .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   epoch
truth:  test   methods

test:  grabs *attr* -- returns note that search for being created on the instances .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate rankvals diff value for a real matrix .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  calculate   string
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get scan engine for a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   status

test:  update the specified extension .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  update   queries
truth:  input   input

test:  convert a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a tenant and handle converted to tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the common neighbors of two nodes and inter-cluster using all node .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  searches for timer .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a given regular expression to a regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  gets a list of strings within a given list of optimized size .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare search .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  factory for clustermanager class that attempts to load aws credentials .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   plugin
truth:  obtain   a

test:  set required changes to enter a quota project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  ensure   callback
truth:  if   null

test:  make nested dictionary with the function .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string or its keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given a dictionary representing the sizes for a dict .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  display 20 labels .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  is   polynomial
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the blobs of the user associated with a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   a
truth:  has   null

test:  check the sending of the postgresql queries is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  make node table for applying a node where clause is added to the complex sample .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   return
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return the compatible version number .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  return   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a soap enveloped envelope type and returns the output as well .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the exception info for the volume .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  simple wrapper for settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the gamma color function at x and maximum color space .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test the rotating properly produce the same status .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a subscription object for compression that this node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  decorator factory method .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the escaped index page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a mysql password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  display   a
truth:  set   set

test:  display an available unique index of the list of acceptable duplicated .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  formats   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all available kernel names cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  a test view for empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   file
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a process to be returned as an apache state when the database is raised .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  the os .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the cpu flags are available on this node .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  batch batch batch of one tensor .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  batch   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if the start module is in common flavor/image .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  attempt to do a document from json text .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed grid grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  the others if it is not an instance of the given element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks if the rule for the given method is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  same as controlb .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns true if given stream is json stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for debugging methods on failure .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  to   transforms
truth:  transforms   a

test:  undo the *x* object indexed by setting it to warning .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  proxy view for filters .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return network device url .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open and return the hash directory .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  define the nested correlation matrix .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  strips   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  build a collection list of collections that have the given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get the discrete x ratio of a given element .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy classification loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  null   area
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  move to the next config directory .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  key name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  return   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a row in the database and country code .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  return   names
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  sets the blob key for python usage .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return file names .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse the raw api response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  search   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create a reasonable block block if contents is a description .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role based on the target .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the list of the result['encoding'] "cos" found in the given string .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all dependencies of the provided form parameters form : ansible newline .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string representation of a date object into a && point .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  convert   configs
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure that expression objects are valid correctly .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a grid according to a given axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   a

test:  convert border into {}save topic .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   keys
truth:  open   playlists

test:  ensure that a single resource does not exist .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a filename is a valid python string .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  append the module: .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns an g object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of targets that depend on at least one of the same targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads an instance from a server cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get all the number of categories .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given a assertion instance .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  takes as a convenience function and returns the resulting lookup of a .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  reduce   indices
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has specified permission to the permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the old engine info .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument value in double quotes escaping by stripping .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a requests requests from the specified url .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if a response is a <url content of the given response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks if data is columns in the current operation parameters table : bool or table instance of length or table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for artemis123 equally .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user defined in examples .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   style

test:  take external product name .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the process in libc .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper function for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  strips   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  store custom info from provider .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   encode
truth:  if   null

test:  matrices by commutativity .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   exclude
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a redundant string to a docker docker docker path .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock ignores .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where paths is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release has a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test test for galaxy where type is not a galaxy class .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  touch the given folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate multivariate all_correlations scaling parameters x : array-like array the number of probability distribution assumes log file is off-limits array of observations for each sample data is wrong parameters x
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns the versioned version of a class .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return slices from inside the corresponding angle as inside the wxpython .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads the data contained in selected times .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  convert fulfills region data structures .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  convert   average
truth:  create   create

test:  compute two texts of files .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  max of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  return all lines in a file form .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  null   version
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from volume id .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  pads   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return all users in the given config file .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   list

test:  forward links to the root url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a rnn config string containing a character string .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call the application .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  the function for an absolute b .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes an exception object .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   get
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary file .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher integer using a composition of bytes .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  a mean average linear ranking mean .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to return true if this field is related to the given select .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install twisted thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  configure   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return the environment variable in the node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  context   context

test:  get enum type for enum or rx/tx .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  get   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  delete pickled object creation on a string .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  null   return
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup the logging configuration .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  group rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  return one or more n bytes .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  return   sequences
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the univariate population coefficient for an infinite differential equation .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  this is called from the package database .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a trigger model object in the db given the db definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name into a pathname pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  find partitions in the format of an entity .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  return   return

test:  given a tensorindextype name .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  call an files .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  call   logging
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is either a request or not .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  test happy path .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the index layer and set are the same .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   index
truth:  assert   assert

test:  prints current xml selectable .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  submit user api .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   return
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database mapping .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   calculate
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value of the instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash of the given persistence to connect their persistence used for .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  tag   tag

test:  extracts the active datacenter controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator for adding multiple lines to a list of python attributes .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  map x**m into a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  map   checks
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all group snapshots .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a scalar operator to the given operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  promotes   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create an **last some time .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a gradient with constant coefficients for each argument f .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap the test as a *divisor* with the given name .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the yaml remote server from a yaml remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  load   task
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether x is a scalar or a scalar .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   chocolatey
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate all of the function signature .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a given filename using a master file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch monkey-patching with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the content from the stream object .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of command line and a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  calculates the adapter key represented by a certificate .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  using   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  win32 win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all loaded plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a context mapping discussion_ids to respective discussion xblock metadata if it is cached and visible to the course xblock is cached .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a given commands .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  calculator an object by reference .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  null   print
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of an object in suds .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   print
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add eeg eeg to the embedding .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  sample   epochs
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a change target to an target for operations using the given target list of kwargs or removing the given target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all system ids .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default retryparams type .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for the rest_sample service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  starts tasks for matplotlib events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  shows   assert
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if the required service is running on the rest_sample .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the input parameter and add a list of supported components .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  retrieves   verifies
truth:  to   connect

test:  set the inheritance for the object args: path: the dacl to the dacl string representation of the object copy: the object returns: true if there are no object or false
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a list of tuples .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that among the function only execute and makes sure that it is not run .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  build a docinfo structure for the document .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  build   test
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find source source files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  verify that '\nclass is able to allow modules to be able to override default .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the password change a password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple definitions definitions documents from a string or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   object
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot scoring function outputs the required scoring function .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy data from a special document .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the buckets buckets .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first element of a monomial .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload upload url to the cursor .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   create
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the wrapped function on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  build a timestamp as a proxy descriptor for the specified type or group .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a task object .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a function as complete .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  see   null

test:  uniform activation function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n can the selfridge sequence n .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the desktop object is running in the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the simplified surface of the 3d surface .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require authentication .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the ignored file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  parse user to facilitates query .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  url   url

test:  cascading is a replay .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of page where the user can return the string "all" or the page has check the resolved ip .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  return   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  set the doc and the db .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   time
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to ensure a list of json files and geometry .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  to   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk characters are marked as pytest .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   null

test:  default get_id .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special special special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a file .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix source code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  source   get
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a google cloud storage urls and return a dict of the conditions .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given string is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment can be within x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify kernel .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns ssh environment dict based on ssh process .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  run   list
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  180 the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  return all pathitems and name of all namespace in the dict .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the user is not a relationship for the specified user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all generated data from json file names .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  loads a file and returns a list of contents .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  build   a
truth:  load   data

test:  returns an permissions for the given context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculate the gwmt strength for each word in the gwmt .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert a value from a circle_id into a float .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  to   null

test:  fix -> string return a copy of the string s with all uppercase characters replaced by the given name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  wrapper for the first component of a list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  filter out which checks if a dict has any of the object 1 .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  filter   virtual
truth:  if   check

test:  get the purged loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  change the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a handle of the expected aggregated call .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the given string is a valid vorbis subset of 0 .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  null   search
truth:  if   null

test:  parses the maximum: log product of the input stream .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the current settings in the bokeh environment .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  strip the flag from the provided argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  strip   return
truth:  check   check

test:  set response attributes for the response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip bit data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return file or a file name .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the largest * g(x)**i of a sound stocenv: stocenv: time representation of the input stocenv: representation of a sound stocenv: .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  return   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  reads and returns the contents of debug buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  pretty url for conda tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove specified project from app .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   task
truth:  removes   null

test:  kill all of the given thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the nodes of a string .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write this image to a file-like object .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal component of g is connected .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary descendents of exited .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  computes   binary

test:  transpose constant columns of the two numbers in this mode is used by the right header of a yielded operator .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  find possible .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  find   find
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for the crypto conditions .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a numeric cell reference to a string of integers .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper to reset the path for the git command .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  runs   use
truth:  resets   null

test:  int8 dipole dipole theta .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  build the build / postfix .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  build   test
truth:  test   test

test:  query the field matching a given record or name and returns the result as a list .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  query   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create an archive for the given value .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  confirm   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the smallest formats for formatting codes in the specified format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  mark   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  convert   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a dictionary of unicode strings to float element .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  discard the configuration of the rpm config file .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud field name to use staff for staff only .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  null   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current desktop setting cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the suppression of two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  return the etcd summary of the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse model that differ between two model .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if ipython is available .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   edit
truth:  stop   stop

test:  loop to expand user to default interfaces .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  to   account
truth:  figure   figure

test:  convert images to a segment image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  convert   input
truth:  color   color

test:  generates a key for a given key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   parse
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   service

test:  given a user can edit the appropriate edit .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the distance between year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test sfreq: when geometry is loaded .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  creates a new api request to display quotas api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  query   download
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a string in a list of strings as a single string .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  credit: reduction .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  given x .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  given   y
truth:  does   null

test:  get the first tricomplex to match the first tricomplex and the first variable in the first .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   ownership
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a filtering/annotating of two numbers .
truth: two branches . 
test:  set   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   a

test:  return instance type .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   method

test:  return a sample value around an array on the sample data points in which to the mean .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return the current readonly indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display the source directory .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  display   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return true if year is multiple datetime by years .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python version of python script that can be found in the votable update .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  unserialize   a
truth:  update   update

test:  outputs an html snippet as you want to connect to a browsing .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  outputs   html
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available state modules stored in the master .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  version of integer uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   try
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  if needed and databases have the database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window needs to be modified needs to a window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test regression/classification of a pair of mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the line fpos graph of the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the new file path .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth prime of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the default python object corresponding to the given string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  query   encode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing rectpolygon without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  drawing   custom
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   sources
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content from filename named filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  recursively sort fields of a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  sort   compile
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a list of dicts to load options from stack .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with axes .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  install the root directory .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  install   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a string representation into input string representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test parsing and without assert are strings .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  be   return
truth:  test   test

test:  read whitelisted mri from mri parameters .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  read   initialization
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  add linker handling .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  confirm   create
truth:  null   mine

test:  get little recounting of a matplotlib cpu by the given prime .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch authentication elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   mongo
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculate the weights of the values of a set of distances .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   scan
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   null
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  null   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  build a string .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the torrent at path and folder .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  prints   torrent
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert all named and numeric character string to a list of payload classifications .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix from the branch matrix if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask user prompt for raw question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   question
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index in gf(p)[x]/(g) .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the weight weight of n elements .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  return   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a bcache address on this device cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns pem pem string of a pem length .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  similar to an module from name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   metric
truth:  change   change

test:  run the given command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   current
truth:  run   +

test:  determine which mail are more than mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  decide   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the content supportsanyofthefollowingformats based on the clients .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  coerce url to the url extension .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  certificate   google
truth:  given   null

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   function
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  prints out product of the given item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a human-readable string in iso notation .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   check

test:  long legged doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select normal handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  files   a
truth:  select   a

test:  and the last search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute leading lcm of vm by leading and g .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   decodes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the codons of a string in a mailcap file .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  set   mask
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with given id as shown in rfc edit .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  add   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   function
truth:  return   statistics

test:  format the fixed_quad formatters for the given stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  format   create
truth:  build   a

test:  insert the pipeline into the pipeline internal fetch .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   load
truth:  if   null

test:  read tag from remote appropriate decode .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   find
truth:  tag   tag

test:  increment a line of line looks like counters but indented lines .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirect to the given url .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  sends   redirect
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  creates a class and returns a string representation .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  imports   imports

test:  returns the pubkey' search key .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current contents of the context only contains the file_input that view .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  return the currently active setting cli example: .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the server is 'icinga cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the recaptcha field for authorization to the authorization section .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns input from the value of a given value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  parse html notes and insert notes content in the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  populate   function
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level members for a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary git-commit-id exception when the user is wide .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the demo bogus platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes true if yes is no conversion between 0 and tic .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read overall input source and return the resulting list .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a verbosity 3 and multiply it accordingly .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  running   background

test:  gets a list of security groups for a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns a list of nodes or a directed graph containing a degree graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method tries to fetch the latest icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  take   null

test:  count the daemon subclasses of the stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course_key .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the currently active outgoing url in the rtd outgoing {% microsite_css_overrides_file %} .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  perform in-place and provide it .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a certificate under the device .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse response name .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  if   works
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to make sure the value is invalid or method of a field that has the allauth values .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  function   return
truth:  determine   reason

test:  reads a certificate that was last " to this function .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if the sqlalchemy error on a sqlalchemy error .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a graph or update .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  global tuples are read the unrelated header .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  using   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text using popup .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  using   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  generates all the csv files required for der .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  null   way

test:  retrieves the submissions column of submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  retrieves   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running "harvest" :class:twitter wrt commands cosine .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip test unless a condition holds .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  given a list of k .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  given   apply
truth:  remove   remove

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  write a file at the given path .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver function to register a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return all unformatted tuples and 2-d tensors as a tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively find common paths in the given path .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an instance from a given virtual machine as an instance .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  flattens   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point is intersecting itself .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  take the given rds name and add it to the appropriate rds representation .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  unregister   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance in a list of different filter .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   length
truth:  test   test

test:  create a dict with color to be used by display .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  prints   signals
truth:  list   muting

test:  return the current desktop setting of the selected user .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   update
truth:  get   get

test:  get the info of functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  take the return value object handler that preserves invoke output .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  given   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper triangular page to and shutdown it in a query .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  returns an iterator over the connected components of g .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of accepted parent modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  echo a file or required for pdf info .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   gaussian
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a csr file from the vm .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  download   zip
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the softmax values in a dict .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert data to unicode .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  check if army terminal keywords are pathnames .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  if   return
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  check if we always fails with a single device in a given facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  display the list of all files found in wordlist .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  null   print
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  batch   handler
truth:  computes   null

test:  visit a staff user .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  view   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  determine if system really supports ipv6 .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  if shape is in the space .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  if   use
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised by iba of iba accuracy .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   error
truth:  if   test

test:  return the content of the recommended account if they isnt recommended .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  preferred   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if expr is a parent node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  checks to see if a client satisfies authentication .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dominating edge matching the specified tournament graph .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   minimum

test:  returns true if the specified text is a valid text string .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pad the next iterator of a given multiple parabolic digraph rows .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  the character id of a string with a single character id .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  decode   replace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if this user is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a version' version for the avoiding .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of tokens from a particular config file & add it on the system notation .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  for testing .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a discovery library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform urls by trans to trans .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  find   search
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool on a bigip device and delete a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  modify   function
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper to create application profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns list of fasta scores of fasta scores at least fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  check   bins
truth:  tests   tests

test:  accept the preferred header types .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sets a value of the tree if sublime is true .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  updates   a

test:  converts cell content into a dictionary of paths .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  command   field
truth:  convert   a

test:  tries to validate a tree of next suffix .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  search for "dirty" modules none .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  search   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save various object fields should be removed .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  object   up
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to strip changed files to an existing requirements file .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update new l10n date and save requests .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  return   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test the question is cleared .
truth: test question . 
test:  defines   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  serializes the migration level settings .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  configure   plot
truth:  executes   null

test:  load all packages in the given package path .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs hug support .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a dataset of label .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   decode
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string endpoint into a parsed regular expression .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return list of all tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  list   measurement
truth:  make   null

test:  download job job tool to use to build a dict .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  a decorator to ensure a single task is a completely task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   null
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   model
truth:  join   join

test:  rfc 2822 worker .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a message for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object for t tests .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check whether a vm is x_0 and falls on the specified ip address or not .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes connectivity and funcif .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finalize a string to be bootstrap in the selected length .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  place   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  find trees of a terminal clades within a given surface .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  write   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a b0 block in python .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  code   a
truth:  print   print

test:  for backends views .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  if if if .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns all version info .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  recursively remove all errors from duplicates and prepends them to an iterable of that represent the given sequence .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the prune formatted output as a credentials .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a experiment user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a vector shared variable with zero elements .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a running system at boot in minutes before the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  enable restful handler for requests .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname of python python build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the queryset of the public draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if node is a node which will represent node in the given node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  free sort of indices of n sorted from n and equivalent .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential correlation model theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  send   a
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a string of the system .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a imp .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  view for backwards compatibility .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  collect python files from *options* .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find closest matches the value in the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   arguments
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  context manager to wrap the user to use in a context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   session
truth:  context   context

test:  it checks to see if a folder folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  null   get
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  converts a function or method calls the decorated function as a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   factory
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  patch a single sites sites .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patches   ping
truth:  run   a

test:  test that present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  test event account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  to   test
truth:  be   null

test:  convert user to a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the 1900 date and 1900 for the xblock arguments: strictly the provided xblock or splits the provided xblock in the xblock object .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack : pack id .
truth: net string . 
test:  pack   return
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  determine if path is divisible by place .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete an item from datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  t-ev model of the mean of a cdf with a cdf of the widget widget restrictions: restrictions: restrictions: restrictions: in - cdf whose functions are longer than or equal to
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a get word in a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages with opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: possible version .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   system
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that the base redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  connect content to an esxi server .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  content   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the sequence of items in sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  commit commit .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  returns the x representation of the dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of existing existing user fields .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  generate the first multivariate product over a sequence of tan .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a course certificate if students is students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if obj is a user-defined format for testing not serializable by default .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parses a courses list of empty strings into a dict .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or none .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  return a row from the cursor as a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the blob key from a blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for myanmar - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return inverse of gamma function .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group and gigabytes snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if riak riak cluster is allowed .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  yield an iterator that contains the given aws or in a list .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv chain .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  load   csv

test:  returns the checksum of a h3 based on its version and it .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  called   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  in case of mask[ errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   check
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test that signal is aborted .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   question
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a python object from the given object as dict .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  helper function that ensures that also convert a theano matrix to a f matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  make   a

test:  show event rule for vispy roots .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a token .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  seq   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient for an invalid css from a css css file .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   android
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the data for a particular request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   current
truth:  if   current

test:  the config .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  server   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  return the discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the username for the current user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  performs forward check on each string in string parameters url : str the unit manager .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a simple axis .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   tuple
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a unicode string .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  expect the given list of indices .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  prepare   variance
truth:  converts   a

test:  hashes the string of a given m hash algorithm .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   encoder
truth:  using   encoder

test:  helper to make sure python objects arent found .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish or the string "all" caches .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  get the locales locales based on the locale for the specified locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution output groups in an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the currently active cache .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test that the help prefixes .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute size of 3d .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  return   bottom

test:  writes a accessible stream into a yaml stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of all bios on the collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the name of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  change   change

test:  source: download output .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   download
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the child entries of all possible tuples .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  render a template for the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  render   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of a constant in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  the album chance items in objs .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  search   a
truth:  select   null

test:  if the original cifar10 labels .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a fiedler graph of the graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  serialize the given area in a single event .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  fires   helper
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an context of a given flask application context .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   collections
truth:  runs   runs

test:  checks if an ipv4 address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a python pickle data from columns .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the default path for a file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the reference from the tensor when a list of izip .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if version is installed and falls within this context .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle individual evaluate the integer with the current time evaluate the integer part of the input function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  command : group manager .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   script

test:  determine if a string is fixed or ^ characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that convert special case to french special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the array satisfies all of the first column .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the alignment string .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users page .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   users
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if src is empty .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a fif file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true for a string containing a regular expression .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  write a .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  merge   directory

test:  parses existing help text group .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  view   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of independent samples of the row k .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a list of dictionaries that the input str of the objects passed to the existing library .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  add   add

test:  records for s3 s3 bucket to the provided group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant polynomial zero in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression | expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to convert to playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  test use of various extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  insert   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  define a deprecation job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in an iterable collection of strings .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  return   return

test:  salts a password hash with the provided ldap password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  generate   password
truth:  hash   a

test:  caching caching partition execution .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  log an option with a logical option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the text or the characters of msg to the left by shifting the amount given by key .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add cluster info for cluster table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the network output of each network .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   network

test:  imports for manager .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy -> str .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return a list of item ids .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   identity

test:  start all .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  start   djangos
truth:  loads   everything

test:  returns allow for inbox authentication class .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  returns   django
truth:  return   return

test:  print current main entry as a main application .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   warning
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item in the sequence .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle the main document .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return fqdn .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert to int or raise valueerror if it appears to be a float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  add i18n segment from a grid to a new segments .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  null   create
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecation deprecation machinery .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header if charset is done in charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   password
truth:  add   character

test:  unset the django database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  function   null
truth:  called   null

test:  decorator to create a class to be passed as type .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of all available permission to use for the provided project .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __namespace__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  shows successful representation .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from tox or an environment vars .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   change
truth:  get   get

test:  generate some sentiment sentiment units .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  generate   document
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of tuples of a tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute { 2617 from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  encode   updates
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns the current date in the format yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode passed into the supplied directory structure in the nipype file .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  assert the catalogue settings .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the derivative of the hyperbolic derivative of the model .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the edx process .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration directory .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  import the server generated from the server .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  import   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test that ctab outputs outputs the right local_rebroadcast_lift columns .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns node nodes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates an ajax action form as an ajax instance .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the line is redundant diacritical line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze -> android open file and return a more quickly analysis .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fetch art upload info for each art found in albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  numel version of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   reduction

test:  show all the incoming message fields .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  show   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error metric .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively copies a dictionary where values will be a single dict has the longest keys .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the backing device with a python hardware or backing .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the session to configure the original session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate polynomials of n .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts in the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  removes user specified username from the lti header for the given lti .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the time left and execution of the received function .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a += b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  if   null
truth:  change   change

test:  ensure that the container is fully configured .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  display view in a list of user requests to display profile .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an ipython ip address from the most ipython string passed to the ipython ip .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the <what> inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  compute   mean
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of available if available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the provided router is effective router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   validate

test:  when bgps loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  initializes   environment
truth:  returns   new

test:  calculate the length of the state and return a json formatted response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  calculate   parse
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns the currently available python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pyenv
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sha1 digest of a string .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return numbers based on the month and date .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  test that laplace of an edge should be a 1result line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check for a list of []] args: players : the token to check for tensors returns: none .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  checks   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  sends a queue to one or more messages from a remote backend .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  uses   add
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a list of html html loaders from the request .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a device from the attribute .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  extract   up
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image and add it to /var/lib/machines as a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  converts python int representing 32bit bit use for 32bit levels .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  set bash to bash knob string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  set   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive timezone name into local time if local time has passed in utc .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return gravatar for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of two random variables f should call inverse random variables parameters x : array-like input data .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   information

test:  creates a ajax object as an event prompt for the end of the video package/module .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts hex string to ascii formatted hex string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import all .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   custom

test:  test that "hubble" image can be loaded .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for errors in  .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  because we find one integer ioerrors .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate keys in a function and applies nice function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  function   update
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up the basic dulwich configuration .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   metadata
truth:  null   null

test:  encode base64 encoded version of prefix .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a proxy *host* server url for the given flask application .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the system name is absent name : the name of the dataset is absent .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  find   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   call
truth:  block   block

test:  return the string representation of the given tab .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  accept the user metadata and the json redirect to json table .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  make   response
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  retrieve static file and return an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  retrieve   waits
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  reads the given configuration file into the path .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against an temporary value and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints all members that are otu and right events .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  prints   otu
truth:  compare   compare

test:  if env is not passed into a list of tuples .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns list of widgets and extracting attributes to a given field in the given field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   a
truth:  add   a

test:  inject a specific document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  import   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in all folders located .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  find hypervisor from the compute node .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  request   find
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no topic .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns characteristics of the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific port .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set up a relts volume offset from the filesystem .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  replace f**2 latin .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get from password or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   audit_event_log_dir
truth:  default   default

test:  parse a particular password from ftp or fermionic divisor .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts rgb tuple on hsv scale to rgb on hsv scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  validate the value of an error within the passed within a value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  check   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parameters _type : list of best filesystem paths and debug filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   time
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the maximum likelihood criterion .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  called from the zoneminder virtual host or list of esxcli .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  null   run
truth:  set   set

test:  parses a pdb file into a pdb list of lines .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an input value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  split   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yield all ignored ignored files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for parameterized .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the windows interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  needed for logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a vector of the original checksum .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a headers[normalized property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  replacing   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs of 2d inputs of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  save a job data that was loaded .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  save   a
truth:  store   store

test:  returns the skype messages as a skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sending   sending

test:  recursively find all files from glob directory from ft .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reuse all caches and handle .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  configures   os
truth:  clear   database

test:  removes a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  create   pull
truth:  get   a

test:  compute greatest gcd of f from integer polynomials in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  generated generated data structure .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  download   return
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  given a list of primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the normal pdf of the normal distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes the batch or write access to datastore .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  moves   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register c{zope database .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   reader
truth:  register   register

test:  for tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  test   script

test:  returns the as: available data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the list of parameter info associated with a given object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  infer   infer

test:  return first item in the list of [linesback] .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   function
truth:  find   find

test:  generate the first compiler of the given id .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  combine email to select an annotate user friendly .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  email   access
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test cols['m']m info info .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the test suite are properly rendered .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  avoid   check
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns a maximum of filenames in the section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   functions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function : * | field_id | code | boolconstant | plusequal | const_map | const_ref .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of mocks tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  if   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a list of subgraph components of graph components in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove a process and all the pids of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all versions for a given list .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that rsa is a valid rsa jwt as a list of modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   sets
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns hook for given field with the given email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port on a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore images in postgres mode .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   up
truth:  restores   null

test:  a valid python module that contains a valid different python 3 and 3 .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save a registry dictionary into a cache file .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   return
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the type of the given step in the given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id semi .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the message with env .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  print   a

test:  build a numpy rgb representation of the specified rgb and rgb operates .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  build   copies
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   pricing
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if the file name is a considered file name .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  change   package
truth:  null   background

test:  return ftp iterator over all tags listed in the ftp .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  return   plaintext
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   imports
truth:  setup   python

test:  prints usage information and exits .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  usage   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate standard deviation .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all definitiontriggers in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check api requests for extensions of tasks whose status is redundant .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  view   a
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state ports or sls or sls or sls bytes cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   operation
truth:  disable   state

test:  unpack the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  the virtual rules for the specified service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  unpickles object from given serialized form .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  to   like
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  sets up a console session using the parent directory .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  sets   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the file-like object from our own file object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all registerd .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   compare
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of two results .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns cgconfig service command .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  returns   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  remove a local folder .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  remove   =
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  return path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the marathon service is present on the computenode to use .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  display a users file path .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  perform   files
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether a vm is requested .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  setter arguments .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  running   run
truth:  to   helper

test:  wraps a key/value pair in the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode if a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search for a gross set of objects .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  search   a
truth:  access   access

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  null   get
truth:  settings   settings

test:  get once using values .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a fallback string or unicode string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  if the tag resolves with a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  splits   image

test:  get a password digest for authentication .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  fast part of the intended event loop .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for interactive -o .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  split a worksheet object .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  split   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene entries in show .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   show
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or ghp-import .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the trailing coefficient of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  test   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the used used to get used for a given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given data is quoted .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor by the corresponding color by the corresponding color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test 'second'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest b .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string and determine the result output .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  parse time zone and return a formatted date .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create local locked responder .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a specific test providers providers in our stream .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if the specified app is installed .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  divide   null

test:  function to return an event notification from a-z purposes .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   file
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  decodes a binary packet into unicode string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  constructs a method that returns the api endpoint associated with the given api .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  cleanup   fetch
truth:  sends   a

test:  landing page for courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  landing   mne
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   crud

test:  return user of pin .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that creates a mock pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  return the benchmark score for given benchmark score defined in requestspec .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  list   get
truth:  to   method

test:  check whether method is installed .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the current axis frames .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   show
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a row from the options[option] option for this format:: .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  clean changing test .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the file name of the file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list filenames under prefix or more file in a directory .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the sql control by the name .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  find   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns all lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a gradient of the gradient and consider a constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of a path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of open file in zipfile .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  archive   archive

test:  equivalent of the conclusion of the current thread .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a measurement names by the given unit name .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  find   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  test   type
truth:  given   null

test:  run ask on subtraction .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  run   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the given set of syncs edges .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  run wsgi application support for given flask application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  run   null
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  generate a utc decimal translation for the current decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  check for a median meets the mean .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  determine the total difference between points and the points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  determine   generator
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize a pretty command line .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  initialize   verifies
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert some time representation to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  store   store

test:  generate a map of paths for a given network model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  train   a

test:  lists the .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a file-like object to the course .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  inserts   replaces
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grain

test:  takes an object and checks for each item in rps .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a temporary xs that asserts no block api .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a sqlalchemy system from the database .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets tickets page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  project   tickets
truth:  null   null

test:  run paired indices for paired tests .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  translates   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  make a bytearray name for a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  make   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of all readable indices for all readable webserver .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  named   find

test:  returns true if a message token can be assigned .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  if   in
truth:  check   check

test:  send e-mail when a file-like object is logged in .
truth: update request . 
test:  send   endpoint
truth:  request   request

test:  display urls in weblate version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a base64-encoded string .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  return   library
truth:  null   library

test:  convert a matrix to a permutation of permission approximation .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  convert   process
truth:  permutes   null

test:  returns a dict of cookies from a grab instance .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   merge
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   print
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of colormaps within a module .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  redirect an existing selinux array .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  project   null
truth:  update   update

test:  raise skiptest if the returned in config and configs are emitted .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   attempts
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts to incoming string .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  to   encodes
truth:  string   string

test:  find 'store in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return if the object is a string .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if a given snapshot filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the string of a function that can be a single argument .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   a
truth:  float   float

test:  return a string of length in the table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   information

test:  check if the form of dec or crash correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  probability 6j activation function .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some extra argument to be committed for tests .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  get a list of tuples or axes for the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  block   return
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  the path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template with the django handler to load its rendered friendly .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  template   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  function for gamma logic .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  list all .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  list   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return true if the tree is a tree of n .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  counts   names
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return preferred encoding name for the given arguments .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  code for java install content .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  downloads   directories
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if data passed into inline css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  timeout for attendance .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test that table names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the network algorithm of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make the string text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  make   null
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the leftmost value exactly equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests requests at the given server .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a string or template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  return unique elements in previous pick .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  return   append
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the given path matches the given subset of the list .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  return provider facts args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the uuid .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  apply   provider

test:  use the given audio buffer to set the corresponding configuration in a given list of persistent .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move facebook .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --editables flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for an object type modules format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of locales based on the order provided .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new index of the api .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert complex points to radians .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a dictionary with keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   d
truth:  create   a

test:  upload a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by the elementnode .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  add exact indexes from a protobuf response .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test that setting of two token .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  regression test for bug rectangle .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the package is xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  if   get
truth:  define   a

test:  return dataframe code based on dataframe parameters categories : int number of categories partitions or dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the most recent revision for git specific revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single string of the advance .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if original version is an rest_sample .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the sha1 hash of a hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  calculate   a

test:  calculate the nonlinear if the non-existing box matches the up .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  represent their corresponding to the first config? found .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  find   method
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the sokal-sneath distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert terminal color to the appropriate string .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  null   a

test:  compute that value of value to be treated as digits .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  clears any exception occurs in the config archive .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  null   plugins
truth:  null   null

test:  if the given object with the given name .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compile a list of tags .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  prepare   wrapper
truth:  null   plural

test:  get list of items .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register a sqlalchemy set of supported back into the start of the engine .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a test to always return a nan? .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send e-mail information to inform the backends to a secrets backend .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   notifications

test:  convert a crlf endpoint to a sqlalchemy certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the state when passed tuples .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  generate a minima .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  build   a

test:  find out the ssh command for ssh .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar apache module object for the given pvoutput and signature .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for the rabbitmqctl method to become available .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  null   a
truth:  block   block

test:  get inside inside inside the inside the loop and maybe it .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  extract a list of nodes by name .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  outputs all set of changes in an open set .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  read   return
truth:  return   a

test:  find the best match the request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  called   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in host code cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  rfc   put
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decode base64 encoded base64 encoded string .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  decode   parses
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command-line arguments for the given path .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  used   point
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns true if there is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   sequence

test:  yields file names of sff .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  turn   file
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if string escaped by capital |code1| characters in the string with a capital constant .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the number of interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  given the string entry in csvwrite .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a formatted date string based on the provided offset .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fatal |c| only .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the lag-polynomials score for a particular axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper method to get a list of partitions from the user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that the entry is not empty .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  sort   key

test:  check if the order linear order linear differential equation with an order linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  null   method
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add an image to a pil file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   file
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the version of the page to write page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  make   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  get musicbrainz candidates for an album from album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  getting   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  convert   product
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove a file if id exists .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  remove   admin

test:  configure the raw test server .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  show   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience string for sourceforge .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  loads sections from the given dictionary of functions .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  find   a

test:  copies a file data tool to the destination directory .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  code block .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  code   code
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  if the user can staff or staff .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media fields defined in media .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  display   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  handle an cache@login backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over any possible sequence .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as tags .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that raw "physical_host" warning works correctly .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the path to the certificate .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  start running the given iterator .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  file   load
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update a command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert size-string to human readable ipv4 string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function to format a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  auxiliary function .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   version
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a string string as a list of optional devices .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister the given agent string from the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check the color with c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  runs the given command in a remote file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  to   null

test:  page of resource .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  null   page

test:  get the list of child objects .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a datetime object from a model as a string .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  getipbyhost -> int(math .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for 'pid' itself .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting of the request .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the lists of testtools .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  called   series
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle based tm .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  if   file
truth:  load   tm

test:  makes the bem solution for the given solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  makes   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  return a single integer part of the win32 .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a attrs['name'] attributes for normal attributes with the type and optional object .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  check   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  returns the rule used for the current event .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a list of encoder objects with encoder and encoder .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model tfreq .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  find a string name .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return a users credentials cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function :math:varphi(x) = ? parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a plugin from the datastore .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns an undirected spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  just a function that just returns the current assignment .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a node from node list of nodes .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a printed pants instance .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake route date in the fake route identities up if the fake route .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream endpoints from an endpoint description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return digraph key of the given state instance .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all autoscale token .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute array of components for height of expressions .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sets the global tf directory to the current global requests .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convenience wrapper to execute an exception and returns the arguments .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  execute   output
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no-op validation function .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  parse a datetime in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  bytes   dates
truth:  time   time

test:  create a path to a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  list all files in a given directory .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  forget   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print tree level .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  clear out the subdirectories in a string .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to tab work .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with macos utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  run the application .
truth: test program . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to create and main entry point .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  point   create
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   build
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a phyloxml channel string from the given channel channel .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a candidate albuminfo object and log requests .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen petersen petersen petersen social .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cleanup cleanup behavior for post links .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   guess
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  test if this string can be converted to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check for version eq than given version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  check   discover
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic broadcastable variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a time span string from a buffer .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the given encoding name .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test raises a validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   x10

test:  add extra information to local node .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  add   create
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for utils .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  derive   ini

test:  wrapper for registering api functions .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  custom filter by ast .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  establish   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- a valid xml .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  midpoint over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a np .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a non-fuzzy understand date into an [xmlschema-2] list of cage or calls url .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a dictionary of ascii ascii bytes .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test if we can skip a wiskott .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  if   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verifies that the value matches the given css setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if task result yields changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  return a dictionary containing a subset of tuples .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clear any cached names from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the first file at the given string and return false .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse command .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender of a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disallow localization in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  return   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test that launchpad manager behaves google cloud socket .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   python
truth:  require   null

test:  mostly the vulndb/data use only missing characters .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  if   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  delete metadata associated with a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the base64 encoded sha1 password of a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  using   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loads all ip information related to linode and .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  shuffle   order
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the configuration tools session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the raw foreign name .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a path for publishing db .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy report for the master streaming api .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  apply machines with the given machines to .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  sample   sync
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickleable pickleable loss variant into several form .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  expand   initialization
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns a list of versions of salt information .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  show   version
truth:  report   report

test:  return a list of txt extractor .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  extract type_qualifier error from double error string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  sets the modules whose name of a inline parameter .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   new

test:  test wheter of the given format .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  test   elements
truth:  null   null

test:  load config file and return json object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  find document[key]document[key values in the document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   method

test:  convert x to a list if it is a scipy or a scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find all servers within a given child state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  find   add
truth:  loop   loop

test:  read a subjects file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  read   create
truth:  set   set

test:  index dataframe into multiple data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  render all trailing push marks a plots as chunk {% trailing operators %} {{ trailing whitespace %} .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the this function creates a local path to the vpc file name .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  write   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a datetime .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse output from finalized and time type .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  return a list of all the auto-detect type type type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email to html attachment .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  check that error is an empty string .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   items
truth:  throw   null

test:  remove all unnecessary variables using a env[key]else .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  using   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject all the specified names into a separate exception .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  return the most recent protocol message that is not supported by the version of c* .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  build system date for httplib2 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  build   build
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the unit tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  enable databases compatible logic .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  use the 4x4 dos attack using legacy described in here filter .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  return the contents of config file provided in settings .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  reads   remove
truth:  read   user

test:  the tree positions .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  return a string id .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets json for vhost via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  extend comment on trades directory for the current comment and displays its page .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  default   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  build and return the bigquery directory .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  build   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user names .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute against expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  python2 of the rendered header info from the mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a tuple without the specified context .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  return a dictionary with key-value parameters arg: : iterable[dict] purchase .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   print
truth:  extract   message

test:  create a higher function to check if frame is a higher method .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  use   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  get the nth version number for a specified path .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a primitive dict or list to unicode .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  convert   rabbitmqctl
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  generate ipython path .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquote the header value for the response .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  returns the gl amount of gl entries as a dict .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a specific attribute class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test if there are no column in the vpc .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a string like 5 days into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the files which the be the main extension as a dict .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a url to the tenant device if it exists .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with the given package .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  convert socketfd message to dataset .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  address   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  converts the given ip address to an ipv4 address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  combine variables from various content .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  combine   form
truth:  content   content

test:  parses the string like :func:escape separator parsed from a dict like :func:escape .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  show all active figure in figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  show   debug
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  null   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a summary of exploration summary which have been summary .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  convert a device name to serial device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  convert   lines
truth:  returns   a

test:  use pkg update to latest packages based upon repositories returns a dict if this system is available .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  display   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  check if user is admin or a web user name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  if   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a channel to the partitioned with the given stderr .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  find   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents and optionally deletes depending on review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  list   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   get
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  return true if the argument looks like it .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   s
truth:  return   return

test:  test interpolated chart rendering with a pie object .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a factory method access to the sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test python python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  to   python
truth:  test   python

test:  extract the test data file for the test data directory .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data lparen error rparen from error optstep .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies cypher using key key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator to make sure variables with a callable callable .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  to   get
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add types to the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  return fields for upgrade .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  return   size
truth:  used   null

test:  return goodness buffer .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string representation of the form that can only be extracted from .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  given a timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  given   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  update an image by applying a probability image to the axes .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  point   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return the named service .
truth: internal function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  transform iri iri to supported iri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  assert line labels are an empty serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of recently comments for each comment in responder .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a command environment vars for subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  query   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  view for *icrs* view .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  using   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a generator of length n .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return true if and only if the first token is in a blank token .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  reads a filter out of an entire file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   filter
truth:  read   in

test:  set unread used by mixed or from the documentation .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  set   gcd
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  plot ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  removes   html
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if either passed fixed-width or loss were passed to a sphere .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dict containing indexing ids in the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is only from ip address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the vms domain name .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id state **return data** data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs float .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the score and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest tests .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  skip an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check if filename appears to be read .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   a

test:  a gpedit trapezoid for a file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  downloads djangos files .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  wait for the provided exception .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary of all features that have the status info .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that softmax replaces layers can be used as the table .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the instance containing those that path .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of all the registered virtual machine .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs any errors will not cause again on the background inserting again .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   null
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  check if s is a string in the given list of characters .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  return true if f is futures .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  make   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  expand expand data to workers in email .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  expand   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  create read-only folders in tests .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the return and numeric keywords .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  get   shorthand
truth:  returns   a

test:  cross if the expression .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return the filters between trunk and xmlelement .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a target string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the distance travelled along the points of an array of circular statements in a square matrix x in the evaluation of rows .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string of urllib .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  parse   branch
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies the global client cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  record   a
truth:  set   up

test:  download tv file from the directory .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  change   change

test:  test if a gradient is gradient of the connection .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  save a function to be called with a concrete reference .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  replace   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to skip test if image is installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  expects a assessment channel .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  generate exception up to limit stack trace entries from file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  force interactive mode to a yaml file to use it as a script .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if path is a file or a graph variable .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper for cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends identifier used by name .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  null   service

test:  write a list of files in zip file .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write xml to xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the most recent user based on the user already exists .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   user
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or videos for images to the images directory .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  return the unicode string for the given text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  return   text
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns first barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  decoding   proxy
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user from db .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the configured file or a path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the access token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  doing   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  if the kit file - we will log the correct format for a nice format .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  used   equivalent
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes files found .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an example resource object .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  given   transformation
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the specified closing file and return the corresponding preferred state .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  show   open
truth:  null   null

test:  build a rule rule .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  discover   print
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the filename components of the given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the given numba type to an internal ctypes .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the use of the api .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  test   test

test:  pretty print the session to the client .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   formats
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  return the candidate .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiate the given streams graph for yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  instantiate   returns
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch the package level .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most most most most most most most most most most most similar functionality in the test .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns subgraph creation of subgraph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  returns those items of which predicate is false .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return token with infinity doc for sorting .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  token   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a filepath for a specified path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the ip string representation to its string representation .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get the description of the given object label and description .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an empty routine from metadata sequence of files .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   factory
truth:  source   source

test:  iterate x depth .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  makes sure the index is in the simple variational .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  makes   get
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the creation of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function returns true work for the gradient gradient .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   gradient

test:  run tool information for detail .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  command   tool
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  evaluate the characters? in the ** distribution .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  evaluate   normalize
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a flat color handle .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  escaping for url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  delete multiple aws messages transform from a message .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pull   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if a file is configured .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is a chance to length or false if g is not degree turned in g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that cache is initialized if the right function is already created .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to save some extension table .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict of git components from we know the requirements of a path in sys .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a file into a path parameters path : str the name of the file is in py2k branches domain .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   call
truth:  make   a

test:  add some events to the process .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  send some given data to the server .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  send   display
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status code from failed to queued without having been run .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test temporal and inv_efunc numbers of django side of preferable t .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   array
truth:  null   null

test:  return the pixel font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  given a cell .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  test a territory where the string is the language work .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  add dry to certain version .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  get the comments for a pull request space .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  change the platform-dependent tab of the given table .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   convert
truth:  structured   null

test:  return dictionary representation of the first record - if the record can be used .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  dictionary   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  attempt to import sys .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  to   list
truth:  executes   null

test:  return information about the {'code' token .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl open cookies at the url .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  does localization in form .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program of program objects which are program and any of them .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp object will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: aggregate-tests this plugin parses required to capture code coverage policies .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks an index into a multiple complex array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   returns
truth:  packs   null

test:  find object matching object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  find   check
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the word with the given lexical and form it as a html or none .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  use old module name .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  creates   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  given a dictionary of lowercase dicts .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create an identity environment variable .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  checks if a list of unique values passed in dictionary .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if the tree is from cycles .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  requires   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute seq_counter shapetmax .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a calculate generate a hex digest of a hex string .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns the list of config keys .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra extra specs for a given flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return undefined but undefined events .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   function
truth:  print   snippets

test:  if the provided registration is modified .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  if   node
truth:  serialize   a

test:  activate a list of tuples in the order of entity visit .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the csr on an array x and y classes .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the vdot symmetric matrix from a .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new auth title .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   up

test:  hash keys .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   encode
truth:  cache   cache

test:  a network version of network from to make changes output that are not created .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a file having old ini command line .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  return an array filled with shape and dtype it as a given array .
truth: like rand . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  return a hook description for the specified http description string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns a real string of a real matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  print msg and return the message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  msg   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yield some text after the indentation token by trying to the given stream of spaces .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate default *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns a widget object with a widget name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations representing a translations into a dictionary and return value .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a trace as valid .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all reap child values connected to the given process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns base64-encoded child fields as a dict .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  map   map

test:  convert a string to ascii and roots and can be used as a string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a external internal client details .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  return the contents of an error if it does not exist .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  add   route

test:  transform values in a poweroff in a sparse distribution .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   levels

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  given   list
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until an instance sent to become public ip address .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  return the value for the 'negativevalue places .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the context messages from a pcap .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  generates   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render form form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form field to be rendered layout if set to horizontal then the form will be rendered in .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  formats the environment option and salt keys .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the tetragrid multiplied by the path to the group .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   round
truth:  add   path

test:  datetime object from epoch to boolean .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for checking if a given name is a valid changes to non .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   call
truth:  return   method

test:  search search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   files
truth:  search   search

test:  load json structure from given list of values and return it .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns current user if he is secure .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if permission can be read in a <script> file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return list of html markup as html .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  list   json
truth:  null   json

test:  quote a string for use in a url to be removed and characters .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for review .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute pillar and execute if vcard_string: is pillar .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if file is in the given pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the regular expression name of the expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  extract   null

test:  return an mptt for the given parent document .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  allow   helper
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table as a fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return call work by keyword arguments .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  call   a

test:  add http user to user command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  add   return
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name equals name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  the notification database .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  parse the view in the form password and return a list of arguments .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a notebook group to a regular expression name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html codes for html or html .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the difference between two points .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a search string for test data .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fail specific current user based on the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  filter   app
truth:  null   badges

test:  delete all sanity in the asset delete assets to run hasrevisions .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   networks
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test removing expected version of expected expected version .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  github   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  the cli example: .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   open
truth:  determine   null

test:  read all lines from raw word and converts it in a given encoded string .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize avatar avatar urls into resolution context .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  write   tag
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the current docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  null   null
truth:  populate   docker

test:  normalize repr repr of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  suspend   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the passed metadata file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes identity matrix epsilon[i] .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 rotated .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   os
truth:  get   paths

test:  compute univariate trapezoid rule for all nodes in a gaussian distribution parameters nodes : ndarray the number of nodes a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that when we a tree of uninstalls lines .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add the value to the context .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  add   add
truth:  change   message

test:  convert a test agent string to a cluster object .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get all the values in a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the old push urls are not the db distribution .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  if   split
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a dict of lists as empty string .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return an application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of paths that can be used as gaussians a square .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  test   init
truth:  yields   null

test:  convert groups to a row of n format .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if all available folders are running on a directory .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes a certificate from cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the renumerate .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  hack up the array_like backend in a purity file .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  morning doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  convert a signal from a dict of fields to the json schema .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  prepare   checks
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a temporary sample file .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an ip ip string to human readable ipv4 representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the old loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  to   add

test:  use this method to start a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can support a folder without overwriting .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for the "n basis .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  query the status of the unknownstatuscode' and return a dict .
truth: get status code . 
test:  query   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete the corresponding to the stripe object .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   search
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   replacement
truth:  read   read

test:  poll tracking of: put within a given name .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  poll   python
truth:  null   method

test:  test tokenization functions that conditions are django .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  test   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return text of the diff and built in each of the given diff prefix .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   create
truth:  text   text

test:  return a string version of a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given object then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount the native filesystem example:: from the filesystem .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raise exception if exception is not implemented by the exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a list of handlers associated with a plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  test if we can be read using an allowable library .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a bunch of tuples and all plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract cookies from response header .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  request   request

test:  if the list of lines matching the same direction as empty string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  if   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the *seq expression .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  this standard transform the standard local drac .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns a choosing containing the given cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  return a security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and comment_id delete this course id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive n-sized rows from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  update a message back to data as a new draft .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  update   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a tuple .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  null   a
truth:  put   a

test:  ensure the default keychain for the default keychain class .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a relative job to the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test that instructions image can be embedded into a valueerror .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  null   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  write messages containing messages .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  write   a
truth:  send   message

test:  build the request policy and return all failed' policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  filtered for server_hostname .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  customize   null

test:  returns the specified 303 code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a preprocessing version of obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  formats a stream of parameters .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  formats   up
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  tells tells if its not already be unregistered or not .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  install   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the current ccx request for a ccx component .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes the iterator .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset 1ip .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  a wsgi application which returns true if the response is responding to start with an application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the reduced factors of a directed graph .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  train   a

test:  function to set the ifttt notification when the event is created .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin email address for a admins of the specified user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a machine by a vm and return the type .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  the local users changed code .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move remaining remaining time as they are always taken from the current context .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  waits for the element(s) to be visible .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  scroll   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the maximum status of the connection .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a matrix like 1d .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a callbacks function for callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new permission to that type .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a string to a datetime form .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper translate them in the console log .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  returns a list of all xml objectify objectify graph .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  null   name
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  watch   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  given   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return the dns records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return bokeh fasta output of cluster can make sure fasta from ipythons .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test the l{collapsingpumppolicy} of --tags .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  checks if fallback is in use .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a network in ready .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   null
truth:  run   nltk

test:  convert paths path in folder to path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts string into packed .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the environment variables used when an instance .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  closes   return
truth:  create   create

test:  see :meth: .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  see   null
truth:  server   server

test:  returns the unique id of the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the queryset graph graph based on queryset access to the left messages page .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return default exceptions .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of interfaces .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce a time value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  simple __unify_walk__ maildirflaglist .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  set   set

test:  coverage coverage header .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run raw s3 subsets within serial policies .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   server
truth:  run   session

test:  calculate and return fingerprint .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the distance from a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  transform all coords .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  transform   notification
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator returns the first slices of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  translate keyboardinterrupts methods to parent document .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  imports   update
truth:  update   status

test:  checks if the given data can be treated as though rules .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute shortest centrality for all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   square
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  return a unit as many unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all job data from all returners cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  merge   data
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the item should be treated as a known known known or false if the item is not found .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  recursively resolve the given path .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  replace   argument

test:  update an 'eth controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a string to a bool true .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the philips remote tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  produce a colormap instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot two consecutive words in the transform parameters x : int or equal to array a string quarter quarter quarter : int in each string in statsmodels .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   everything
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the nest store of the logical plugins .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  impulse correlation of arma process parameters ar : array_like object matrix non-zero returns: arma .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the c topic is invalid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  splodge the morning turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   light
truth:  called   null

test:  test physical volume labels for bem w .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   python
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  given an array of data in which allowed to make a mask .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   nodes
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send authentication post requests .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  send   data
truth:  token   token

test:  convert an ipv4 address in string into list of longs binary form .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axis label of the current axis to assign a if it is clicked .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  time   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns the text by color by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  string   in

test:  format the scalar in part of the scalar table .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  to look up a list of the vms that in this vmware environment type .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  obfuscate from djangos terminal .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the hadoop shell .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create a secure secure handler for testing purposes .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  create   dns
truth:  like   like

test:  xiaomi a link into .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  let   null
truth:  log   a

test:  return a class instance of a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   version

test:  checks if the name is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  makes a whitelist from the vm table endpoint .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  run freebsd-update on catalina .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return n bytes of n if n is not a string or integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   step
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the multiple roots of a univariate polynomials f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search is listed in a list of files .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  end   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return boolean install a single space as a unicode string .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  write a row of the understands .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   length
truth:  write   a

test:  list subscribers .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns a 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' graph of length n .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  bench   helper
truth:  download   download

test:  return a list of the unique data for the linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros and its derivative function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box with console .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  do   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find parent directory for template files .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return the locale for the given tuple .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a task is running and returns true or not .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  starts   null

test:  statuses assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an events to salt on the mean and status defined by a string value .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   add
truth:  accept   a

test:  returns the client client for an instance using the provided instance .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  detects   returns
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to be recorded .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  null   sync
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generate a single endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return lines with name that start .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all hypervisor by service .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the set]if tile thrown by transformed and dict-like $state_path .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   initialization
truth:  null   operator

test:  convert a number of numbers into a transform we can make any changes from the command line into - and the number of rows .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  test program characters that use a l{asynctestcase} module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  term incrementing to scale by given distribution parameters distfn : array_like .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a pprint for pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  query the query to render a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  select   return
truth:  were   null

test:  set attributes .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  if the line is a line of the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud s3 .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  process   a

test:  uninstall an easy_installed package is already imported and not support .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a kwargs}network network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check if the current user is available .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  set   set

test:  patch python .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   iterator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  compares a pmf from a sequence of permutations returns a generator that can be determined by the other returns empty .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a selected text that matches the uri .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string in slice .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   slice
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries in the order registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first email value for a given email or not .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  default   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  compute the expression in the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with aes cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get statistics about the application statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  step   server
truth:  warning   warning

test:  get a dictionary of orm from media identity identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   item
truth:  look   up

test:  and_expression : id .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  empty   null

test:  read multiple functions in multiple times .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  exists   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the standard value of the dataset .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes an unquoted string which may or may not be quoted and unquotes it .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  the restful handler for the given user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the results of recipients and json output .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  calls   items
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook mydelay up to index .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   send
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert a bbfunc .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add processing groups to the given facility subclasses .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  update source account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  update   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse a ses []plen '00 .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get if all backups from loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   tool
truth:  if   null

test:  given a dictionary keyed by a breakdown convenience function .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a available database is dbname from a specific schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the segment between the other segment is intersecting the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if lines is a valid error .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   try

test:  get the number of #! .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  get   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract field for the type instance from type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a sorted list of changed ports from a group .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  actual protocol .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test whether osmc is not implemented on the test server .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  test   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  synchronize the database to match the current version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  convert an http response to secure .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  getdecoder distance string in the series/index contents into a random string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  find a value of the header text that are as a list of the words with fix strings .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  find   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the default urls configuration to use for a 'urls' group .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  send e-mail mails to root and adds your user mails .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   return
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the arguments of the arguments .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   params
truth:  list   list

test:  test print ops with print lines .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given log message .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  disables dipy date .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test #3160 against numerical .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the maintenance database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to write a file with the given name and write contents to the given directory .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  returns true if there are no tokens .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the given tokens to a list of tokens or a string of tokens .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  build html page from console .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  build   html
truth:  open   documentation

test:  returns a version as supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create an html fragment given an html string .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  build   null
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize the memory memory for use with memory memory .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  initialize   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convenience function to find barcode and write data for header and added demultiplex record demultiplex sequence of user demultiplex : sampleid .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   mapping
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout is running .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  to   call
truth:  make   null

test:  context manager that returns home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  context   user
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite which will run all tests in a given category .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   create
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a list of public python module names and a list of modules inside a list of all submodules of the package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a common regqueryvalueex file .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get the name of the file .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  find   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  replace the system image using *pkey* .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept exception in given content type : iterable response type : authorization request see url .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  exception   transforms
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a search method for create templating .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  control control thrown .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   verifies
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network from normal .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  print a string as an integer separated by swapping .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  if   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get themes of directory .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal to the xml-file .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the user to the staff account .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  compute the produces does but only one pil arrays .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and list of installed plugins .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  reads   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  delete a specified message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  files   a
truth:  create   a

test:  in consistently .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of wanted objects in alphabetical order .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  schema roles for all databases in a cassandra } .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  db   sql
truth:  return   a

test:  return the given wrapper around the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  test average copy of solution and registering rap-music utc forward .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete a map from the given subnet and upgrade allocation table .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   paths
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get items of a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  test that low works .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph number of g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a dict or byte string to an object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns true if the given object has at least one given .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get an ipython instance of ipython string-derived .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert rich text into a list of rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session by loading the current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lettuce can steps of steps passed to steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the security group .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   change
truth:  is   null

test:  update a file context manager for b{accept} remove old dot .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using 20 tweets .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  using   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  get the kodi setting from the current thread .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  compute greatest raw f(g) in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify mount groups using security groups .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modify   sets
truth:  modifies   null

test:  pretty print what name is using [2] module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href api version .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a current api object from an object .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list instance profiles in an instance profiles .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  to   check

test:  accepts a list of tuples as a dict .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   args

test:  format the curve path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  format   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  computes an variant of integer evaluated calculations .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  computes   inverse
truth:  depth   depth

test:  set current username exists .
truth: drop database . 
test:  set   null
truth:  drop   database

test:  save file and build qual qual into dict of sff files .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  decoding   handler
truth:  write   a

test:  given a number of inputs or a tree of inputs .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if a only if or not already exists .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  transform selection positions by selection dialog .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   handles
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if the user can view the given acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm vm from vm into provider object .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check that about: throws an exception when .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  check   use
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as preview but override its paths to get a preview parameter .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test that duplicate file based on the :endpoint .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  test   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   intersections

test:  make sure widget connection is enabled .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by course .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a graph of side and defined in |names| .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  given   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  print a volume id .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts user label from error to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns the xml tree with infinity .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid uuid for a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a search rank for a collection of rights .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  event: add the coroutine for the application .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  generate a default edit window of the entire edit window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of length gamma and their escaped sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if current certain chunk of a redundant "override" or statement .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  simple wrapper to render a logger .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   null
truth:  default   default

test:  get current package database object .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   a
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   default
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns api endpoint to the api client .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add manifest object as resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup startup startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  build the subscription configuration and add it to a subscription configuration .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  build   redirect
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  add the given key string to the key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  add   example
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert a floating point dtype to a single floating point .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  check   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  transforms a list of parts to one argument code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson list as bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  add attributes of a vm to the provided vm .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  usage   information
truth:  print   print

test:  convert filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  function   function

test:  convert old-style error bypass float .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  given a url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  job comments controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that theano and the four possible ways of creating a numpy method with the same results as creating the same results with the same results .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  allowed labels of performing one set of labels to be created .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  blocks   labels
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from a directory of public entry .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  debugging a last subsets of two urls .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  null   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  determine the path attribute of a path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  determine   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an iterator over all items in iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an input name for a given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function takes a html functions structure and a separate quickly url .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back the content of uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the timezone of a utc timezone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the content as compatible with the system path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  compute dbref(3) console according to hex original shaped .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print a transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return an iterator of all error messages in given error string .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  return   error
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  null   section

test:  runs one or multiple messages .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  runs   config
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  prepare the given tools as a pair of tools .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  to   add

test:  enforce a nice structure .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   server
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private file to use as a private key in pem f(x) setting .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  takes a certificate post certificates and returns a certificate as well .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  handles   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  checks that a resource is currently installed and .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  to   path

test:  populate a dictionary with keys of bokeh row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table as a fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge many .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  set permission setting for tree coordinates .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  set   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  handles a chosen alert instances .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  handles   request
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all files and represent a sorted prefix .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the style loss of the computational gradient of the agent .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears the event rating on event dispatch tags: .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that full path of full columns of full b .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  write   a

test:  returns description of a url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  returns   escape
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  create a list of multiple fields based on csv .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  create   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  a generic use of the given original string .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  replaces   new

test:  cleans overrides field for ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template vars .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  same as rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  simplify   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  argument is not rewritten on the system .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  listing exchange and return records for fallback files with the optional domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  induce singular between two points to v2 processing .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  evaluate   binary
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper function for checking if its a filename has been given .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  print a pdb module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  simplified   list
truth:  call   pdb

test:  given an entity from the db .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  given   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  clean up everything .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  delete   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  change the remote login to log login .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  to   function
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  checks all callable parameter and normalizes it .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert the id or object id to a invalidtype%slookingforbasestringor%s' into the name .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the mean is greater than three standard deviations out of the mean of the mean from each mean .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  format   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test that selection image can be loaded .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  check   rgb
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string in a variable .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dict of all available updates .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  summarize formstyle for filters on reformats fields of a wtforms form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  renders   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  testing sys .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  testing   check
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes the query .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   names
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  update   calculate
truth:  null   crud

test:  import url .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  align   entry
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in multiple sub output into more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an instance .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from src to destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   number

test:  iterate over applications as they are executed based on tuples .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  iterate   versions
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent lines and known lines from docstrings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the root root directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an recorded as an open wrapper around the given server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a relative url to the same url as relative url in the votable backend .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the path has been incomplete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] dict from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that keeps a limit of data to the given offset .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  null   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse asdl file and return parsed from it .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the context from an salt cloud storage and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get table names from one instance .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  populate   field
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the click-through weighted stable token .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   gaussian
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  to   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate function with specified arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   no
truth:  bind   cli

test:  actually return true if file can be written .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the given object in an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  return   return

test:  do not manually .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  memoize   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  find a job in the current vendor .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  find   return
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory for the given directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  return   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of all coverage found under exclude .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate an figure .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  generate   use
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the full path to the following "package" or the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience view for raw requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  view   updates
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert a data string of the data into a 1 call will be cleaned up .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   snake

test:  decorate methods from django .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript records with javascript through a javascript file and files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  abort a function for @with_tmpdir .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a configuration value from a microsite .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  runs train summary of cifar model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  runs   back
truth:  null   eval

test:  remove all events in keen from a keen set of events .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the limit of the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns v1 memory dicts of the given v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  query the search api for the search api .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  query   lookup
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel enquiry section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   mode

test:  make a constant matrix to convert the same as constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the vector x window of size n - n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   find
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand path to a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  test that sending a document to make sure the console is the correct cli example: .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   login
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the absolute path as an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset out the users cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  resets   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  function to bypass an error thrown by the datastore .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  test whether the given argument is an abstract base class .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to verify the exact error contains a collection of entity contains the given error .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns a dictionary containing the keys in the keys of keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  returns   keys
truth:  performs   a

test:  return the content as signed on the filesystem .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  check for writing output .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  output   null
truth:  run   run

test:  get a file name into a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  debug   file
truth:  builds   null

test:  bypass the settingsconn "locales" .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  find   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  warnings -> list of all warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check if a bindings is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network statistics of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a theme corresponding to the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  return   create
truth:  name   name

test:  return a string which can be requested .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function lists from the file at the archive with the archive lists .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary mapping specific options to doc for a y .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log info about the experiment .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   like
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all service services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add multiple counter to the "locales" .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  establish   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts the version number in format like a release version .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  return the environment dict of the required .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  list   link
truth:  like   like

test:  load or need to be used as a custom http backend .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  load   session
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta fasta file .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return true if the event type is fire .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of the names of all available plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that mirror main than *time_old* calling issues .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import data structure .
truth: compress json . 
test:  attribute   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily override cuda anything .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the absolute text of a file in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change show arp on pynet-rtr2 extension of show events for netmiko .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns the partitions of editors and dependents so that their original spec .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  null   null

test:  if the process has completed .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of a length .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return description and a non-deleted dictionary in identical attributes on the path .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   function

test:  create a name for inclusion in a contextstack header .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a list of: string .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   order
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create an answer object for a given state and xblock it just the html log .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  lowest and highest values over a specified period .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  given a ccx page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   files
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if the request is a list of the given request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of filters from the given compiler type .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  gets   index
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  download http hash for http session in a /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  download   use
truth:  if   null

test:  installs the virtual url to debug in debug mode .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the order of the input nodes to output nodes from the input nodes of metric nodes to output nodes .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   interface
truth:  uses   uses

test:  test the main ip address running by ip .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a elasticache elasticache subnet is present within the specified subnet or name .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  try to extract the requests request and extract the service .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  try   try

test:  test errors table in the right table row .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  evaluate a and b = a .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the results from the provided protocol results .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a task certificate .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  create   property

test:  create an best setuptools version of a given url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  returns   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  find all build code in a text .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  find   check
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the variable and var than a q-values .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  list of symbols of a dictionary .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  list   up
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins in memoize .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  delete a apppools user .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   count
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a lamp hash .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   scan
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate config file paths for cli example: .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  config   null
truth:  is   null

test:  computes the kth central moment of squares parameters a : array-like returns log_{b}(a) .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require english test directory directory .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  project   project

test:  helper function used to make s as a set of ciphertext tuples .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  by default .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  module   no
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of repository record for the received repository and owner .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a 3 element tuple with the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string identifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception model .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  read a file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  read   python
truth:  if   null

test:  show related request of /etc/shells in related to users .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clique graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through data .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   data

test:  return the options for the given host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  put all oauth sequences to redirect oauth browser response .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  put   a
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return an error message in the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   authentication
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that 2d color with each color is a 2d color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   output
truth:  ensure   val

test:  given an exploration summary domain object .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the staff user as a course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a linode of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate the correct bootstrap file .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  generate   file
truth:  import   import

test:  create a 'chef .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  build   null
truth:  name   name

test:  github issue #1256 .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   tests
truth:  null   example

test:  return an iterable for a diagonal .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  return   coefficients
truth:  function   function

test:  test the process can be refused when a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  create   version
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator for skipping test if review not implemented via review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  take a list of tags and return tags for a single tag name and tag tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  returns   tags
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode values as a dictionary .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a shallow instance using zfs .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the restful handler for limiting goodness-of-fit args: projects: : int .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   description

test:  returns a tuple of all mapped in original sequence .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively walk a directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  collects   generator
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   no
truth:  null   null

test:  start ipython .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  determines that a file exists and can be read from a filesystem .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return source of source comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   mask
truth:  null   null

test:  setup bench for bench start .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  invert * transform .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  null   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  return a task name .
truth: aux function . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all static files to a textual page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return an ndarray whose gradient is a numpy array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  input   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  change ec2 server for deployment .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  undo   get
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments are on the same as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  verifies   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for teams a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  null   convenience

test:  enable using file:// content .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  using   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of all users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  align a tag .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags assigned to an iam return a name .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a encoder/decoder from a widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all compute networks .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the matrix has an otu_table .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main entry point .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx sphinx link for sphinx that are pep fsm in the request .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  generate   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pep8
truth:  define   new

test:  deep copy operation on the field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  test   iterator
truth:  null   null

test:  check that a database fails if the catalog is actually active .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  test   inspect
truth:  null   database

test:  build a dictionary of fields that do not have any metadata fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a default keyring which can be loaded on the defined keyring .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  get   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the properties of the specified typeprop spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add paragraph to the request if it is specified .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   a
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if contributors is a pad .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if any subsection is found for the course kludge test to display for the course xblock response to an unfulfilled course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  set being used in a certificate .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  authenticate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a graph containing average within a list of distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  creates   generate
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a zone-aware datetime to datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  scale multiple pdf of a quadrature .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   multiplication
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars the allchars oscillator .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the given instantaneous array .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  wrapper to handle synchronous .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  the anomaly blank lines should be used as mac os 2 .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   element
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return a list of all global sqlite connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   sql
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that does nothing special .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test the partial printer method .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  test   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save a file into an individual system .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  save   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates the parameter and returns true if the given parameter is a valid one .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on a histogram of the given image .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  runs fixture: projection from the file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator to perform a method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  escape environment .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  escape   translate
truth:  return   info

test:  pack successive instance to *worder* stats .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  pack   use
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test serializing immediately and assign cookies to booleans .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  adds two numbers or sum .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  the dummy function for scheduler not implemented by the reason .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace extra whitespace in a string with spaces .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  paragraphs   chop
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the attempts to crt the contents of the given certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing sys_uptime .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   database
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  view   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  transform the node of a workflow object into a node .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  walk source and ensure its execution is a dictionary of keys .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to start an start and start a raw stuff .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler sqlite for the pwnlib root handler for the script .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct a 'aandbshouldbesquare-free' polynomial .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  compute   inverse
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup the application .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   fixture
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a decorator that catches one of the function .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a secure transport .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   discovery
truth:  creates   a

test:  standard filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a command inside the specified folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   generate
truth:  run   run

test:  return a comma parameter string .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  get info from pagerduty .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  flush   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a base file name to a base file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  test that extras returns a simple package is completely .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a factory for canonicalization in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  should try to mark and execute commands to work .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  handle   chain

test:  returns a new sequence containing the given list of lists .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   multiple

test:  for historical creation of user creation .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a css a-f to a number .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively resolve :py:class:clearedvalue parameters .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel of the closest score parameters x : array-like array or list of length matrices .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  return   weights

test:  computes the placeholder of the collection of *x* and placeholder separately .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data and stores data to a form secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with solaris powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of followed by selected item .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot a string in the same shape as statsmodels .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  simulate   function
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the file is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple of the highest state with a dict .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  returns a smoothing that creates the horizontal object .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  opens and replace file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a modelform for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a supervisor sinstall-l% .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  attempts to decode a string as a unicode .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  central an item as a json transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  endpoint   validates
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a local destination file .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager or filter on the current machine .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance with the instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  an backend .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from bit list to string .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set the tcp cache for use in tests .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : and_expression primary expression_opt comma expression_opt comma primary expression_opt rparen .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  provide a new popen() generator for passing in baseif .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of lists into a list .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  pretty print a string as an integer .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  null   longitude
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of dictionary name and values from an ordered dictionary .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   power

test:  validate that the facebook processor is needed for facebook processing .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  processing   log
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  given   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  logs a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  request   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  import   update
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the squared sum .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke state from task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  given a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   type

test:  call 3) with monkey-patching functions .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  name   func
truth:  null   a

test:  return the y builtin .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the gradient of all possible pattern .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  expr   expr

test:  return an versioned object for the given exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively create func on func or list .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  adds   func
truth:  func   func

test:  f calculates the subs of the script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  execute   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a list of address for the given url .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  draw significance the os with epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  returns the rsa smallest from the rsa exponent of n leading os .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  formats one change of paired information .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  formats   password
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of all modules found in the given module directory .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check if the logged-in of an user .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  to   structure
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parent nodes with limited fields for use in rendering content can either pass in rendering content the immediate content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to dindex .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a new workaround for the given registry .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the graph of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig trigger a build step .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict with keys from the current tupleize dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a user has the given .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  if   dictionary
truth:  save   a

test:  read a pcfg object from the given tweet .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return the system device .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   btrfs
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some pure bytes .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  given integers prefix .
truth: as above . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a dotted endpoint is created by name the name of the user to be created .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the server configuration directory for the specified filesystem .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  instantiate a class un-picklable .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  instantiate   helper
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of available zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  set one or more config record for the specific alias .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  set   details
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the adapter to the given ajax or fail the students header .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  sign   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the submodules of the given {'hiddenimports' .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test whether d is symmetric .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  test   mako
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  returns a list of valid and bcp files .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  view   init
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake 'qtnetwork-download-manager' window object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reloads the user is enabled .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  open   git
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gdb joined the gdb in the changelog .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  null   none
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the writer should be set .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the selinux sine associated with offset and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  poem internet for poem seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if dhcp options by id or name exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  if   check

test:  escapes the given string for inclusion in a utf-8 xml document .
truth: from url . 
test:  escapes   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  update packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read the entire contents of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  string   string

test:  given a valid config .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   tags
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return precision as an integer or float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an object to this object to this location .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  return a template for each template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  template   a
truth:  return   a

test:  function for delete epochs .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  is   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  run a model class or a string that includes the docstring of a ticket being globally success or a list of slice registered by the user emitted by unavailable .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  run   import
truth:  given   a

test:  check each module is valid .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  fail   returns
truth:  give   null

test:  reset a subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  python 2 .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a connection .
truth: remove message . 
test:  align   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if headers is websocket than headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  print the list of tuples in the given config config files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  wsgiapp the application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  point   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling 2d layer .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a table with a docinfo structure .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the name of this system .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an basic array of provided array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  given a list of ignored names .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data environment variables based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  update style library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   style
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  if possible .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  check if the python version is automatically available .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  bootstrap   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  one and return the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   part

test:  rocaucchannel power instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  add   user

test:  gets a user object from username or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return index of the basestring and index .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   patch
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate macros to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  retrieve   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  in a module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and return a temporary file with moves .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  decorator factory for censored menu .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  handle   log
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the ip address of the current thread .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the fully qualified path .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits with pairwise entities to record option .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  record   record

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http request for a specified app type .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager for using sorted http error .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  context   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest create spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns the contents of the start and error handling as a string .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert the given timedelta to the community timedelta .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  check that the system is not implemented by the current environment variables .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the shared signature signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  documents   integrator
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  nanmean -> l-p .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] for square-free degree f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return username from a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the client for the user at given environ['oauth .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  backward automated b-spline .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of comments required to every object in a resource - used by this routine is a resource type dependency error if there are any .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  resolve to a taguri .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a given filename and return the result .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  open the structure of the given layers file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  download   create
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  check if a string is a python where all datasets parameters data : str or text[::optional_note] string repository in an exception .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  if   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  test test to generate random board pool .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  request   call
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return our platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   works
truth:  return   return

test:  will sleep the activity delay for given activity mod .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   calculate
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the knot slices of an arbitrary type specified by the base type and y x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  docstring   normalizes
truth:  return   discrete

test:  mutual inspired with nucleotide away in the given url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   android
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  update the users tarball and email .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  update   utility
truth:  given   a

test:  set the tensorflow registry running abbreviated == true will generate users registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for production calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get a list of the currently loaded summary domain .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  like   like

test:  downloads a document to recursively have a directory .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  downloads   document
truth:  walk   null

test:  gets the path to an absolute package .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when error is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  partially use for transaction .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter song song or board board and returns true if the song was created .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test a string md5 hash of a given hashing hash .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  pick   test
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : lpar plus rule | rule minus rule | rule mult rule | rule ge rule | rule equals expr | rule ne rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   statements
truth:  null   rule

test:  cleans customs_shortcuts .
truth: clean component . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  return a version of the header encoded file represented by header .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the url of the device .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the contents of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system a session learning" systems and prints them to native balancer instance of tensorflow tensorflow session .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  close   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  always returns true .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  func   func

test:  checks that review objects are marked as a hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  add   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a python string to a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  delete a client .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a document and return the original document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  a version of glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  iterates   generator
truth:  walk   null

test:  test [u'glon-car' .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  shared   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns a list of the elements in iterable as a list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run in-place attributes on an iterable of instances .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  to   a
truth:  update   update

test:  add metadata to the string metadata for this node .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  update the given string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  update   a
truth:  is   input

test:  register deterministic deterministic bit stochastic the backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  model   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  recursively include files and its absolute path .
truth: by default . 
test:  force   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  returns the mac address of a mac address if so .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  make sure a module is greater than minion_id .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  make   null
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   java_jar
truth:  define   null

test:  some impute function provided in x and re-add are defined in the passed attribute .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  set up the converter converter for the specified type .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  set   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  get the number of seconds associated with the given interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  get   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a given name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   handle
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions in the given child pages .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  find a server from normal boot disk again .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  deprecated   session
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the expected results for log files with multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test that theres no input in an exception .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service and disabled functions in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   fake
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   prefix
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure the fast reader works with parallel data are ignored .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   document
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes a string to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test whether a path is a theme/' .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  given a list of style line markers and an option_together or a single style .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  if the logs are not met .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  returns true if the current induced can be changed on new systems .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  show the cassandra information in a keyspace .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  show   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the key id from the given sequence of values .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  default root module deprecation default values .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   function
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of partitions partitions split by the current list into a string .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  dataframe   chunks
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an absolute path for the given directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pythonerrorintheinspectmodule error code .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   tuple
truth:  print   a

test:  return an array of type known from dtype .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  color   color

test:  given the spanning component events .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  wrapper for <el .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   information

test:  remove remove_this_key logging .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  remove   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns a query message class for the request then query .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for parameterized test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile error in tricky arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers of x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute syntax posbn .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the version string for the git password .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  based   null

test:  plot a surface of time where the quotes will compile a quotes .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  solves a linear pcap point type calls .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   pass
truth:  solves   null

test:  convert a 'ssh-ed .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function to urllib2 when the url to an ssl server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that the user is allowed to be valid .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the value from a complex .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app access to the queue .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  main main metric .
truth: main loop . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make a taguri request after retry until it will retry the user is raised .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   retry
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   verifies
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  receives source .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  source   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return difference between monthly and sign .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade cached entries for works with pdp .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  dataset   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  determine if the specified nictag can be printed .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  if   list
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror mirror integer in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  make sure the temporary directory is available for all public files in the import state .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  make   statistics
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  build os-dependent relative path portion of a filesystem path as a trailing filename .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  build   null
truth:  make   a

test:  runs executing packages .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  update   update

test:  find the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  decrypt   outputs
truth:  null   program

test:  return the icosahedral icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a query string into a query string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  if   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  checks if obj is available .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary describing one or more users with the given email values .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of groups to represent the given stub .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the use of the importer with case .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns imports of project info .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an array of nearest nearest or a proper matrix matrix by disk matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a msg connectivity from a dataset .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  create   test
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  decode a blob key from the application into a blob .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  install   python
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  set up container volumes volumes in volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  kit kit and stack for the union of datacenter .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  match   function
truth:  function   function

test:  just blocks the generation report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a redundant service .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for celery away in a subdirectory .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the file extension for a filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  file   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags from a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   a

test:  same as iraf .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the strings are iterable and values .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse list/tuple string to start .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a default locale object from locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display the product template .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a hexstring object .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  yield the filesystem path for a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a generator of valid block in the order of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the global thread settings for the current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the version of pip cli example: .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a function returning a wrapper in the cryptography .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time in the current thread .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  normalize asfreq .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a plaintext password from the own hash fields .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   s
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef namespace or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the given result is best .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  search the one or more action issues .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  function   current
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  updates service configured on signature cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return a json object for the given command .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if the current pipe state was changed .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list default profiles only the default profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   list

test:  list available postgresql extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all possible closed types .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> string base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the docker command on the remote system .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  return   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create the header and return false if it fails .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  place   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set powers and modulo get if the protocol is not set .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert native structure to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the last chunk using sparse volume chunk products .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return an html response object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  uses   inserts
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  null   real

test:  convert newlines into a string of integers .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   benchmark
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  given an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  send   parses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inverse of a vector .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  test   network
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a field value .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of all matches against the pattern in a pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  trims an existing axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  return yes .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  matching   function
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns true if the given hash of a 5381 hash .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a table to a table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  updates a request returned by url .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  updates   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the headers to a file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the environment variable *name* .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  ensure   groups
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  calculates a signature used to perform pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  calculates   function
truth:  return   a

test:  const : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  screen any existing deleting run for post test server .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  get   arguments

test:  convert string to human-readable string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  convert a format_as file into local types .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  reverse   change
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as a relative path for a relative url with a relative url .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  url   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of sort tag metadata : a_i original sha-256 original form .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if an existing node is sane .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  query the container data refresh on data .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  query   null
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data structure .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   api

test:  returns the path of the container improperly .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives still import current model .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace nodename .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  string   string

test:  delete block volume info for persistent .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function wrap a function so it only on the ui functions .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  translates   message

test:  return date for year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function validate any of the password listed in the response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  check   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a dict of issues given some issues list .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  return   issues
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the context manager used for logging django process .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the multiple vector associated with a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  return   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  resolve a directory tree example python modules files .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  yield   elements

test:  if output has been pytest .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  if   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  utility function for individual columns .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   server
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to specify a function of additional additional values in a single function .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a higher node .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure all configuration information onto the given stream .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  have   create
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean up a domain cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves an equation equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  sync desktop icon for the stringify .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   update
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  preprocess the area of a python image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  return the current entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write in a link to a link .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  write   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error ;-) returns none on error representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the native string representation of data back into a unicode text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to the underlying binary .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  if   null
truth:  running   running

test:  returns a tuple of existing services .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through cost function .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  used for identical nodes in a proposed cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns indices of the shape of the numpy array names .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  entry the overlay with allowed allowed appearance of matrices .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a system based on the string of a system .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   endpoint
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a pattern index .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if values in an instance of equality are equal to equality .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   items
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the disk disk disk to the current filesystem .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a t1/t2 repository .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   try
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with the word line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  show all installed failed job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  show   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  installs one or multiple plugins .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  1s configuration parameters for original varint .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  left   null
truth:  change   a

test:  if probability is used to reconstruct an array of shape probability distribution .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  flip   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the named dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return whether the twisted has twisted access to twisted .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  is   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a non-salt struct line into an 2d blob .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  team team access to new email .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   null
truth:  request   request

test:  check if scalar is a scalar and the scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  concatenate two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  run   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test that the date output source can be parsed correctly .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  returns the json file location .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers which have been written as the header value set .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  extract   links

test:  prefix all standard closed checks and print entry .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  progress   show
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  update the ip address with the generate network .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  update   a
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  connect to the state database .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add pynotify package .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  add   add
truth:  make   null

test:  updates a network address by address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  updates   get
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current buffer name in the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this always runs tests .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  is   null

test:  reads footnote .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  reads   content
truth:  content   content

test:  test that the ask system is identical .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   test
truth:  need   need

test:  disable disabled package if not enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  yaml: get_local_size() object from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem lt expr | expr gt expr gt morerules expr ge morerules .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is called only time the ipython ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  is   i
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return the number of security groups in a security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  return   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  sections where each color is assigned to the channel color when multiple shiny .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  create remote given tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test that default product-details fit and b with default values .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   export
truth:  test   test

test:  show the first client on the given host .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  show   x
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the extension in the group that are present .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  returns the argument names of the code object as code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a function with the given spatial group of the numpy arrays .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses the parameters into a dictionary of the parameters for the media type .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes info in hbase table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   create
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin introduces a chain of length .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : atom | atom .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  is   in
truth:  atom   atom

test:  generate common paragraph of tuples .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  generate   map
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a fallback object for the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolve the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of a given image .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a reduced project with the specified name .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the maximum corpus of the playlist .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  patch opkg .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to parse who-has output in use the dict or sls false/0 .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  null   files
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if the decorated function or errors that logs are gamma in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes md5 hash of the object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  iterate over events in socket .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  iterate   pull
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns true if the syn[ list is in the same order .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set the "'memmap bit for the given elasticsearch .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  the receipt of a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a classmethod by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if uuid is available on the test .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  return   return
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of two computation .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  rate   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the class corresponding to the given type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to register the specified messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  convert   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ip address is in a ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  splits a query into an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  split   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register a list of available errors .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string representation of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the callable portion of the remote machine method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   method
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path methods .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  query the given subscribers as a dict .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  same as q .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this function first take a template and uses it to validate a django django template .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   updates
truth:  default   default

test:  generate random units that sent to the row and the table entity in a good cookie .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  generate   export
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary version string to a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns whether it can be a given kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in an abundance member on a python object .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for standard amenable .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the boundary boundary cut of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a jinja jinja object .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the base root directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the db value for the specified table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  formats tabs to display text .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  formats   convert
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the specified package is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   task
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  to connect to json connection with specified id and json .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  load timeseries from the given file of a 2d file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   paths
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if the user is less .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as packed packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  return the list of :[row_headers] in the defined count .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a string per bound to be created with suffix .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  formats   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  the html of a user in document .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if location is the same version .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test mne color properly used to test the correlation properly .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the table passed in .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  issue   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  formats a number of semver to pass in provided number .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  see   null

test:  given a callable that represents a plus function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  calls   get
truth:  given   null

test:  a rating modified version of exp drawn with factors .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a given string to hex encoding .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  construct url from the specified vif status as ubuntu if it is created .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  url   null
truth:  use   use

test:  this sets the default registry for each session .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  add method to the given content method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   attempt
truth:  add   add

test:  require the 'af' language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  a contextmanager that returns a generator of a sequence of the clobbering .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  return   logs
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  make   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  make ccpr model and return constant needed by 2-d .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  get nzbname if the failed fetching%s' .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  search   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  resume a ip_address_string .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  i have a single schema .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  following   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a many subclass for two item .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   initialization
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a repository that may be used for the migrate migrate .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parameters passing : str .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   null

test:  return the address of the free address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test mixed .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   options
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tasks assigned to current login with a list of tasks assigned .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  assigned   tickets
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively look up a list of directories in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a model with the right model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function determines the float standard error of any of the given list of strings .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  function   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a wrapper around ['test' .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  null   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   return
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  fake distutils .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline pipeline exists .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a list of components that are not a split entity string parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of all ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  split n sized chunks into multiple of string size and potentially the same length as and spaced actions .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  output   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   scenarios
truth:  read   64bit

test:  monkey-patch user has prereg registrations for a node .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  view   user
truth:  landing   page

test:  return text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  text   print
truth:  given   a

test:  parse a header string into a dict .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of predictions to a given predictions .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a standard part* based on the watch or admin api .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all containers available for all available services .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file path into a string of content .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the upper triangular matrix to a rational matrix .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an expected escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert catches/ignores list of strings to unicode strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a two points crossover that modify in-place crossover crossover on both .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this will build a purchase cart to complete less model .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   method
truth:  create   create

test:  sanitize an ipv4 address for the given ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the right model row and assign a file extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get standard email by default .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  append   a

test:  given a list of pids .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the signal-to-noise value of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a pid in case file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the text for the given node or an html node id .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  long legged doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   star

test:  start frappe and erpnext operations .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  match   change
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns a class as loader .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager that requires changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint within range .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns a document as a string that has an empty document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  normalize string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  normalize   size
truth:  to   function

test:  return a list of the new l{tensor .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a subsection representation of subsection requires subsection and a block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a != operator .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a file to the encryption blob .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return source space from src to reading%s .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make segment from segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if the process is flow .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  checks the extra header .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a buf: equations .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  generate xml into pretty print url for the pretty .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  read   read

test:  simply return the intersection of a and b for a given b .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  test   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  the feature/s of a running system .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  find a network by network label or name .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  displays the tracing notes status for dev staff status .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  we will load the current working directory .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  null   try
truth:  load   openssl

test:  wait for the specified css page with css_selector and value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  wait   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the text that the comment with a given comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  open an absolute path .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  write   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror if theres a test .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if path is a treefragment file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  provide a command and return its stdin .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  command   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the name of the objecttype: parameter to which the name of the service is enabled .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   check
truth:  name   name

test:  patch groups to multiple fields .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  update   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all the given activity record for the given user and user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all models found from the given model .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  return   test
truth:  try   try

test:  function to add current request content to the corresponding content type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test telnet messages .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extra sequence of sequence to tuples .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a local list of tuples to a local one .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the determinant of a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses a tag .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip data and return as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression | expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to the profile directory .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   file
truth:  null   api

test:  remove whitespace in a list .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or none and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  start the application folder .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  start   point
truth:  creates   null

test:  see collections .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  see   test
truth:  run   example

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   url
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the postgresql host to remove host host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the edges f and update until the edges is created .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  create a test depending on the given python version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  create   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a log message .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generic interface .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  open   open

test:  pull localizable 'pavelib strings from transifex strings so it can pull strict' strings first .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  compile   increment
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the region of a given phone number to the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the checksum strength for the given number of checksum .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a helper function that preserves existing text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   a

test:  return a time object .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads the yaml remote server info of app from the yaml .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  builds   pepa
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ranged .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing html values in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper redirect given certificate flow for given certificate .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a quality value into the content header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the accuracies class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  default   default

test:  converts the string string to unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return count_str part of nt types .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   nt

test:  return a new numpy ndarray .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed when collection errors occur occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path to the given instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  a user item] cart that doesnt have cart or group .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  build both the node and add it to root folder .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the first word in status is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the value of a variable containing a list of values .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the degree of standard degree in x_0 .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert a full fastq path to full fastq file provided by increases .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   row
truth:  calls   calls

test:  lists all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moment of the log moment .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes to the state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert a wildcard urls into a dictionary of ints .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new doctest .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  sets up the test forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the z-wave platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns fields in sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   project
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  construct a np .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   num

test:  the important function to do monitor option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if both the predictions and the predictions directory .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  perform   seconds
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator for asks .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  wraps   a

test:  skeleton skeleton dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  batch   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  status class is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  manage   test
truth:  are   models

test:  returns a form of strings and parent of the given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return uptime dict .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module and make sure that the import does not affect the current target is not affect the indicated .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  verify f is added to b0 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  verify   training
truth:  null   null

test:  return an instance of handles and validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip address allocation .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that a bug attribute lookup when a default raises an exception that maps traversed common | occur .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  add frappe with given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the platform .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  log event values for default requests .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  log   users
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  initialize the package containing admin widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a vhd vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert groups counts to fixed fields .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  gae gae environment steps are checked against lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  count   mail
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the circular variance of the distances; along a given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  return   confidence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load }elif vectors in a mailcap file .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  loads   data

test:  show the file name .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  show   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random string of size random bytes .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the n-th coefficient for an infinite graph .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a custom hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  given a continuous function f .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 500 users .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of nodes in the xpath search query .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  using   null

test:  get to add a users video to the user .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  given a list of recently ids .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  time   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return a list of labels .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the dates of a given letter type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  script interpreter interpreter .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  synchronize   errors
truth:  code   code

test:  like emit but writes into a docker buffer .
truth: like write . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds a operations criterion for a campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  given a sequence of idle .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  open   open

test:  prepare the customized markdown settings .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   verifies
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds signed view to the current request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  adds   order
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the problem is eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  uses the specified string to read block block block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  uses   unpack
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup configuration file for pid types .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the tree is a tree which hosts from the given branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists templates documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns partition information mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  report   report

test:  convert the tuples to tuples .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  convert   greyscale
truth:  null   null

test:  adds to resource method to resource context .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  to   endpoint
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return a string out of places as a single string .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  get containers that belong to containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state the package database cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   return
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combines a list of games into one big player .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   searches
truth:  combines   a

test:  creates the binary netmask of the gamma standard deviation .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a generator for it .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders the template cache directory with grains .
truth: render config template . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  config   config

test:  given a module name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  load   a

test:  extract artist names from a block of buckets .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  extract   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregisters the provided message .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test product of the product layer .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders created by the folders created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a class wrapping a model .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  converted python objects to the filename .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the extension around a file exists .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  function   function

test:  test that you can pass into correct setting .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a table of invalid mappings into one queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  returns the content url that will push the content to a pull request .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the global verbose status .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  call   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python element in a string .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a the data header and returns the data header .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the newton function of f and output .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  construct   replacement
truth:  do   one

test:  check whether the mime character is a valid k[x_{p(1)} .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  split   mime

test:  make a default header request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return all the backups that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   backups

test:  the pdf of the unit function .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a new namespaces .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reloads the database via services .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  report   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  create the threadpool .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available locations that are on the provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the relu function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   returns
truth:  rectified   null

test:  decodes the python image description of a json image or json value .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the inventory from a host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a file or directory if not already exist .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a pretty formatted string indicating the given pattern and the appropriate currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate area values of a given image coordinates .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  coordinates   run
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a cached requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add a paths to path .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  drops a cookie to extract the given name .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  push   null
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the virtual option attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator for debugging in function resolution .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  print a float .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  print   request
truth:  if   test

test:  convert a string containing context info .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a url part of url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unshares photos from existing viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   contacts
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a certificate files from public key .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  creates   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all locales found in the locale strings .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  check   a
truth:  does   null

test:  verify that the value is a valid instance of the value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  verify   value
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for studio requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  nmi mutual score .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a bit of filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  write   version

test:  helper to generate a sphere field and return the mutant .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  do   null

test:  a post files and returns the exceptions .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  copies   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip eip invalid eip dhcp_option_id lookup .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  handle a query string of the given request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  do   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert integer to paginator which is a power of n parameters p : int number of integer or the smallest 0 .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  convert   wronskian
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the logarithm of a wishart matrix the specified identity attribute of the wishart .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: scan-build build files that allows the build step .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add typing to the index of a particular interface .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  guess   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  nannumel information of two array captured the same dimension as parameter .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the identifying and string2 of the given sha .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  compares   null

test:  [af -> integer return the true host name from array name and protocol name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return a list of datacenters associated with a given datacenter or datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a workflow access .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   check
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  iterate over host and port .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  sign activation function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  github issue post-steps .
truth: gui test . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms id to use for cloud storage .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  given the rule between model objects .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   events
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the action information on the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  once an once to the cache of a cache number of statements args: number of statements whose cache has been given cache message .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for making sure that these are usually and 3 .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  construct   a

test:  split a group name from a given gpu_dt .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  split   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all the supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns otu table describing a otu tree after every row out of the stdout file .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  read   a
truth:  make   n

test:  find the name of a directory containing a unicode path .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  find   find
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert c{bytes} to binary string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a first byte string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  returns   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user object .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize a cache security group with an iam security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   verifies
truth:  authorize   network

test:  format string containing tooltip .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   tooltip
truth:  null   helper

test:  get a batch of tasks that are not the same way as tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the time zone name for a given time zone or current time if the supplied time has a string .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  return the geometric tan estimator .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey report when the passed migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin introduces a game plugin sig: .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   str
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck climate platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the ip address contained in a http ip address .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  ip   ip

test:  transliterate object specifications in ofp form .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  object   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a temporary function with temporary directories and caches it .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required a required survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format html format with one or more than args .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  build   dumps
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks if data is a dictionary of whitespace and will support for position of position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the unsigned to the correct group id .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  export   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the best time zone of timestamps in utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  helper for scrolled redis email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array of normally from the supplied values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index filtered by user .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list site-packages files .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to save easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs image loops like functools .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  redirect   endpoint
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  count   media
truth:  index   index

test:  transforms a list of elements into a triple .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the user is 'ga' update .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  assign   user
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check whether the interface is actually body or not .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   current
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session object for the entire session .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  return   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  prints a list of role info .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   information

test:  load configuration file and return a configparser file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write an issues file for columns of columns of columns where clause are not written and not specify corner and not make sure that the table .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  write   zip
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert objects to an aware json format by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   handler

test:  return a rackspace driver object .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given elements of elements of elements escaped by seq .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the entire content type .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the name of the repository for the specified package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   return
truth:  package   package

test:  returns a list of variables to see if the given name should be actual visible .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  accepts user to an existing password .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  if   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether power button can sleep the "restart on or off if power is none .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  install api commands with uninstall .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  install   commands
truth:  handle   osx

test:  configure the blueprints of the blueprints config into the app engine api .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check ip and ipv6 addresses for each network .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a token at which the request is to be sent over it at which the request and scopes is to be sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads all sdk .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  if obj is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  handle all lookups in an object .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  injects   mako
truth:  handle   handle

test:  context context associated with a dict as html .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns the version of the current server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   version

test:  same as controlb .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  formats a formatted timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   seconds
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  callable the callable onto every argument .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  iterates over all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check for docstring not logical space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group as a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the given error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  find   check
truth:  null   something

test:  if the user has passed a certain action for the given action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   action
truth:  if   null

test:  legendre a given coordinate .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  fft   fetch
truth:  null   null

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   assert
truth:  call   call

test:  returns next generated from universal string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the disk config to the cluster using the given instance or none .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical unit .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if the build file exists .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   open
truth:  if   checks

test:  test +10 line with specified text stacked stacked .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   logarithmic
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  take a lhs string and return a lhs datetime .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  clean   something
truth:  null   lhs

test:  test test for #3319 reprs with error .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert an data array to a byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  use   s
truth:  null   row

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the first element of a caller node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  fit   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a number of a carrier for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  iterates over a pandas sql query .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  count   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a number to a float .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url to the latest url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  accepts an arbitrary service group .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   check

test:  get a single "{}"' string from a renderer list .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  string   string

test:  compares the windows diff .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lits network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  lits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if an unknown exception of type metadata should accept too tables .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   idmapper
truth:  test   test

test:  fill in the useless conjugate of the given node .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   header
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize jndi if config is a read .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  raises   build
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the xml element by a path .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a string of salt .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a specified service cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  do   console
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of all security files .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names for the provided list of all modules .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return a string identifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get availability aws instance type .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  run   a

test:  compute casts operators for the given expression type t .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons logbase parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  this is a convenience function that takes the authentication of the provided tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  is   inputs
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a storage instance and return the appropriate one instance of the given file object .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a backup json file .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks term of the sequence w .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the feedback message of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  return true iff addon coefficients are not excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a base64 encoded string into base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  test default archive cannot parse a revision .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  change hostsystem and display interfaces .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  change   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test merging of directories .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   size
truth:  bind   bind

test:  transform multiple index names to index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test if an exception is a class of a given class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  key all of the remote files in all of a stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  null   document
truth:  print   print

test:  return a formatted string from role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   uuid
truth:  creates   a

test:  if a vlan attribute is network name .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a temporary file of console changes to interactive config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  serialize   script
truth:  writes   null

test:  return configuration .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the frame .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  create a snapshot of an s3 snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative product of a and m .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  start a writing request and return response .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the state of many filter modules .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  ensure that we are running from implementation back to a file .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   vm
truth:  read   read

test:  test if a string can be cast as an constant value .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   python
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses whether or not the object parameter is a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return value for name .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  sets the desired servers state is desired .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  compile the expression over .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list in root and returns a list .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test unicode for unicode chpi-fitting on unicode output .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the crop corner plus a corner corner .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of fields from the provided object verbose name or changes dictionary .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the options options used by an existing routes .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  test parsing canvas routine for parsing second asserts that fail the same format as possible .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  if   self

test:  send lock support .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  null   return
truth:  time   time

test:  add or smart a whole tag to a specified tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  content   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email using the api emails in the user friendly interface .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the filename path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the current figure should be the last line of active applications .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  strips input is alpha from number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  strips   tests
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent of the parent process for a given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates as the graph from an adjacency matrix given as string .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a style style style class .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the output of data in file with long kwargs .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   null

test:  unpack any environment variables from the command-line tool as well .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a path .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date to the given date .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the versions of the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  check if were running tests .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  run   run

test:  moves the given node to the top level of the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  moves   node
truth:  like   node

test:  request filters to be created without filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  request   endpoint
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute a command inside an exception .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build the system system repositories .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure it are not empty and lists .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   expand
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  find the resource name in a url .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  create generation of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type validator .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  enable or disable the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  return an array of dtypes fields with the given dtypes .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used for psychopy .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  used   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a unicode string as unicode friendly function .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  object   object

test:  get a string from a container .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience wrapper for compute_up .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the subset of the given pattern .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  return   create
truth:  filter   a

test:  return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load only one tree and return its config .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  load   configure
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test evoked points for various callback .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up a streamhandler level .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  construct an rpc-safe datetime object .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to find the learn directory .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  to   minimum
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the top images for the given subset of name .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  import base64 encoded string from recaptcha .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  status message helper .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the number of :class:uielement:: and uses the given question votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  uses   update
truth:  keep   null

test:  loop through xml links and retrieve xml links .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse raw http response headers to http response headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  download and return the data found from the path to the exceptions _or_ decomposition file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  download   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  returns the path for executable executable in the specified path .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on salt .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: claim-build send files .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the value in bytes matching the range spec .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  simulates   flowgrams
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the tcp projector platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a prepare string representation of the given image as a list of lxml .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   print
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate a list of elements of numpy alternatives with a given list of values including the discrete match first element of the item and y .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a new function that returns true if the function functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an python package name :type modname: str or a package directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing virtual machine password .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  note this connection to the certain running instances .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  expand sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create a global global instance .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fix any given test that may be treated as dynamic .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  test   test

test:  testing a dictionary from items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  pack binary binary string to a ipvsadm size .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is called only when the main test is enabled .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  correct   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  returns unique index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that imageidfield forces plugin to work out what plugin is instantiated .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  default   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned by a jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  override a string containing a valid python expression for the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  results   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns an extension code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  return list of networks and ranges for a network in a dictionary .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  update a buffer in which all keys are arise .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a string of the ensemble data passed to the given minion .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns dict of wide fields .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random # of input data .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that takes an empty post as json .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the cached file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  get sorted data loop from sorted loop loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  install a logger for the pwnlib root .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  install   null
truth:  add   a

test:  iterate over the pyflakes in the given list as a checker object .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a list of the names of a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   check
truth:  describe   a

test:  loads the module .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees an list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  return a foreign key from the given kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return imdb type for the user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return eigh communicability for all pairs of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext with aes cipher .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   counts
truth:  takes   a

test:  check for missing parent directory names .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  handle   option
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compresses a socket .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return the python source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  creates   a

test:  for more logic .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate whether we can generate a u'ssh-keygen' cassandra by a key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the current user has the named connections as a normal for the given user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and the order query string .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  usage   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current env' .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the shipping charge for a method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  bitcast a ctypes pointer by the given function .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  code   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  build a private account using vcenter helper .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   build
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the polygon graph from a would have a specific polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  port   coefficients
truth:  construct   null

test:  return whether a user is the current user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a generator for file-like object from file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a single string of random length from source .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an rgb or hex rgb values to a tuple of integers .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  return   shape

test:  checkout order of the user .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  index   filter
truth:  to   null

test:  send an email when a job is updated .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a enveloped tree as a saml tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  instantiates   create
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure that the application is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  request object in application .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  returns a list of existing keys .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  returns the sequence of elements in an array .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  returns coords corner precision at coords .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  evaluate   settings
truth:  return   corners

test:  checks if the shop is 'kbforum-post-min' .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  if   times
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a copy of metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  return the optional url for the given module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config file .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  return   event

test:  submit a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  password   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate contents of successive given data into the given filepath .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert an expression to a human-readable list of lists .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   access
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a target like a target archive .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the beaglebone component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails this plugin allows you configure code coverage to complete some build steps .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   things
truth:  null   null

test:  removes the binomial configuration from the registry .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a file path .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  read   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks if the python version is supported .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the default version for a given collection .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the available switches .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  load a python module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return a fully qualified window for unset .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that applies a function to be executed at a given user .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given an resource and ebsblockdeviceapi .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  null   show
truth:  log   history

test:  converts from hex string into hex code .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  change   a

test:  given a compiler compiler compiler from the provided module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test that p raises an exception when any expression is given .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  shows   encoder
truth:  exception   exception

test:  verify a 2d array is a string array .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become by[ element with element context: a behave element will become with element or time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  inside the directory of a path .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  fake   sql
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize wrapper for the abi records that yields trimmed seqrecord objects .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the luhn number of even digits in the specified number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  if there are a list of numbers in sql .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  if   s
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the number of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get a path to hide the default storage file .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function to support format_html in a list of lists .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  escapes the given string for use in a quoted string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   something

test:  validates that a validator validator is errors and respective it as errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  validates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  given a string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network on a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contourf alpha and labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   image

test:  quick page as version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   handle
truth:  view   view

test:  encode bson intermediate and a string with a given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  regression test for url objects work in 8625e03 forms .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  return text from the string text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller for budget_staff @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  there are no threading in the configuration .
truth: internal function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a boot object or list of non objects into a dictionary of ascii objects .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the container source : the user .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   null
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  return gradient of volumes in volume info .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  test   versions
truth:  correct   correct

test:  loads all resources from the notebook until it is :term:transient .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get logger from python interpreter .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  given a model class .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  error   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the state of the style database .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that the correct variable of a matrix .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  function to add attributes to tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  used   set
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validate company company .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  error   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   returns
truth:  needs   null

test:  find hierarchy of two resources .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a reference points to a path .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  git   git

test:  force the application .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  force   blocks
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list points in the cassandra cluster for the provided credentials or just the provided user .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  fake   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  this function checks whether a file is a filesystem folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string representing a list of bytes and return a list of domain_expr objects .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a path to a json volume .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for recompile .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  identify   values

test:  my add to preselected widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   categories

test:  converts newlines to cosine .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  map   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   master
truth:  setup   argument

test:  check if a string is a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  validates   tests
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return list of successful xml tags from the node .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  config   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the spectral frame of "knv0" .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return a boolean description of data .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  return   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: resource resources are dit until the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   things
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator to make sure user is a tuple human fully fully qualified editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  as a path segments in "data_dict" .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string into the hex string processor .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  return   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  return the name of the user has been given by the secret .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  engine/daemon an address .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  sending   null
truth:  email   email

test:  return a string representing the length of a sequence in shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the directory from a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  sets   open
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert multi values to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a matrix that has intersection of the given number of edges in n .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of positive documents .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of batch calls for the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  converts a list of xml to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the best match score .
truth: train model . 
test:  set   return
truth:  model   model

test:  {opt1 two individual registration .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fire a previously registered fire request .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fetch   config
truth:  fire   fire

test:  input array with specified arguments .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  input   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   profiler
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if arg is a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  do   return
truth:  joins   a

test:  return true if tokens isnt in lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  return   check
truth:  code   code

test:  check if there is an upgrade package name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that line index is long when the primary table is not in an empty table .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  static dependencies of legacy but generates static info in the subgraph .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements required to represent all django statements in the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for testing .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  null   log
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  error page of the intelligent page .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: client - mock test .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of the appropriate fields from the given fields .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a native index file pathnames to the path .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   test
truth:  specified   null

test:  normal profile .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for cloud tool .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  call   debug
truth:  calls   calls

test:  checks if the given name contains no breaks .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the coordinates of a decoder object .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode if it isnt already .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a serialized format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into rel .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  performs a parent template extends a template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path that is already installed into the package that is found in them .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  some patch fails for some patch .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a return b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   null
truth:  note   in

test:  returns a list of the data which is a c-api or a list of stuff .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  adapt   data

test:  test fixture factors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the 'catfoo' argument .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish show version output .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract the command from the alias and strings .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload a multipart contents of source and can be read read from the ui contents .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  make sure target suffix of target columns .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  make   check
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure the server is inside .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  null   node
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to skip tests to get a trace as trace .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a dictionary of for a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  function   null
truth:  write   one

test:  returns true if the given directory is unique to be unique .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses exception fault .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check if rbenv is rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  matplotlib init of statsmodels .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch a file into orange .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  dump   indices
truth:  download   download

test:  return the node_info dashboard for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty order id for sort and invalid order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the least squares point number .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  perform   init
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets data from 2 weeks and formats data as environment so we can get a percent change from weeks weeks .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  using   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  take as input and return from the "close" matrix .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  produce   a

test:  split a list of length-one functions into a list of the values .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge raw jobs from jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  removes   update
truth:  called   in

test:  create a astroid for a bokeh node .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  compute   greyscale
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return a list of all activities about the given user and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the following: - converts newlines to a line of the multi-line text before and after into a single line - converts newlines with text
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a triple .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  in the process where pid is running under pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  handle   endpoint
truth:  register   a

test:  given a transaction object .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  choose the accept header header and return a list of supported item types .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for the given module and course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the hive eg time as this applying .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  receives the maximum number of n elements to 0 .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  command   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given an object .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  validate dependencies of models .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage publish scoverage report requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the content is a windows environment or a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the encoded arguments for single space .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  refresh the quota usage for a given project and user .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   quota
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables generated by inputs .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  api recording for memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  changes   try
truth:  start   recording

test:  will delete all published posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  generates   content
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a new user with the pg8000 permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an flocker key size for a sequence of flocker .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum inconsistency coefficient for each non-singleton double relationships .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  returns the name of a collection of :class: .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  translate   column

test:  format image types are used to create jboss_config configuration *name* .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  format   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  loads a json file and returns a list of versions .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  method if system id for the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  called   color
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a sending draft as json .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  reduce function inside a few statements so we can be passed into a textwrap .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that the value is a valid object .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string of bytes .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  request request -- construct the experiment experiment from ows .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  get the casting units from src to extended casting .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  copies   values

test:  dispatcher for use of brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  serializes   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  toggle directories created .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  object   verifies
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  drop-in a file using tempfile .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  object   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a signal map for default signal number of this signal .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  adds a full path to the remote backend .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  sets   run
truth:  command   command

test:  determine the number of and pauli pauli f(x) .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representation of the given path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an protected object .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  convert raw bytes to the calling bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  convert   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the list of all colors found in the given mapping file .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble array as a to find its first element in count .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  null   null

test:  return the ansi color of two parts: output .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the contents of the given json output .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates an application from the appropriate developed extension .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test raw events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  adding   init
truth:  default   default

test:  get the device service notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to the list of whitespace characters by the given value .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available public weather sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  get the ip address associated with the current request .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  tries to return an html page url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the postgresql user to remove file to run the file server .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot json legend for a single plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   graph
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method for what the given name or scipy .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the local version of a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  import   a

test:  a factory for handling the ith referred of x3 .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   modular
truth:  return   return

test:  get all checks from web manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  get   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a path or ipv6 address string .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  given   a
truth:  has   null

test:  converts a given event object to the move text purposes .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  defines   convert
truth:  publish   null

test:  echoes messages to the given channel .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  tell   send
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for handling the first argument order .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the regression number of discrete features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   plot
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of supported cpu fields for the passed cpu architecture .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  supported   return

test:  ljust -> int list .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to get valid libcloud from ansiblemodule object .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  stop the windows application .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves dpi settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  open a path to the current working disk .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  open   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copies the temporary file by specified location to the destination directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copies   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove one or several links from the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  null   version
truth:  download   download

test:  convert a string of texts to a list of events .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to format details of a table metadata .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud module .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a set of activity lines in a given revision .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the python string representing the data contained in the data .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reset the cuda subsystem for the current thread .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a string to a dict .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  take care of auto-detect and get request on readme ones .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  take   tool
truth:  return   a

test:  return key configuration of symmetric auxiliary .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the cluster is in the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  set   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns alternate objecting path inside a preview component string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the changes of a given flavor image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   find
truth:  base   base

test:  reads the given next item from the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a list of all visible tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id selector with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  queue threads are created with templates .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a wcs string for validity .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  dictionary   assert
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy a directory to presses .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   create
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a location string value to a location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  simple wrapper for out minion .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send the command to the nearest notification to execute the debug timeout .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  display   action
truth:  show   system

test:  return a code in a commit .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   link

test:  a writeable temporary directory that creates a temporary directory and returns a writeable template .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  clear path for node .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add data in srcpath as dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  upload upload to product specific to product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  push   check
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the provided module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that makes sure the flask tests are properly displayed .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  convert date to the year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  lists the latest version of the named package available .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all the control files .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the global widget view classes .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a default audio .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  resets the user needs to run in use as having a csrf user when a users package .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   example
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns user and author from user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  return   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful controller - used by autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   rest
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content in modified context .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate squared loss value of a step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   element

test:  passing a template as context[u'form'] or html .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reload the last access version that should be equal to the supported version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns the key for the memcache of an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  returns a list of the post modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available plugins .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  get   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the script name of the distribution .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  download and install mobsf for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   build
truth:  create   create

test:  iterate over iterator .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  splits   x

test:  get individual factor in the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks that local_gpu_elemwise_0 is relative to become accessible as specified in the commentedheader way .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  asserts   authentication
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get and initialize a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  estimate   create
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a save instance with a given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts appengine model object to the given trials .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  to   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a context manager that tests to the other python root .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merge two strings .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  merge   counts
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits of os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user id .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  project   notifications

test:  import and return a dict .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts naive time zone name to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a k[x] vector to a positive integer .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  marks a declaration for use in both the default commands .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a string name of the function substitution a string .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  match   match

test:  read the stats stats for the .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   stats
truth:  read   read

test:  test eeg of data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  evoked   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of polynomials representing a given exception and the line containing .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   like
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: claim-build trigger a block .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with a scenario column should respond with true .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  open the template at a line containing the given input path .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  open   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  handle strobe + seperated + tabs .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the sdm in f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  define   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve a query from the rest api .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   new

test:  import a file path into a folder path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  convert   import
truth:  given   import

test:  verify the inverse of formatting corresponding to underscores .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  overriding   assert
truth:  verify   user

test:  does without displaying tab .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  helper to easily use the function from a generator .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a pydot graph from pydot amenable .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirect event page .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  view   a
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  represent the category for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from the given module .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given an object and a time-varying object .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  create   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  html token .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse string containing data starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns sign .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string representation of that value into a csf .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   redirect
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the content as a .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  returns a string of the sparse actions for each integer .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   null
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the vm this only needs to be run once .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  setup   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return true if the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console buffer for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  common add parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  to   register
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of member that are available in this format:: consideration .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the location of the host .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last or raises an error if the thread has the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  create a test .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  do   config
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given encoding encoding for the current process .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the current database 'numeric' auth .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  use   in

test:  returns true if the component is the given type .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that eui-64 manager is not encoded .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  code   code

test:  helper method to dump the file into a stream .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a url has a cache protocol associated with the given url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  temporarily change a file system and cache its block .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   list
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the pointer is a generator for ir .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comments of the curve script .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds event with process lock to be a picking object .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  test   read
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure that the rest certificate about the certificate about a certificate is enabled .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  is   update
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the given node as the default config .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  doctest all following the signer .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original object is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  inject id into a id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  transform   complex
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  build a sequence of integers from a list of integers .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  summarize   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a list of pids of the segments .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  perform downloading to prepare a mock node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function that creates json object .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   json
truth:  function   function

test:  return an array or byte values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  value   value

test:  input: of a tensor .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user based on the current user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  extracts the confine handler from an http request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a list of an config objects .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element if it exists .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if the current media player is seekable' .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  a shortcut for temporary file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  check if a tree can be used as an expected tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a base64-encoded string signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse content from a parsed template_name .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  content   git
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true iff the first cost functions have deprecated .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   docstring
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string representation of the cuda error driver name .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  return   none
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns a verification string that matches xsrf mandlebrot test .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the reference to the asides references .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the latest version of the console in the latest update .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return a known version of the system 10 .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by the locale for the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  return elementwise isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that "camera" image is properly used .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  issues all apf cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  fetches   check
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure that value is not an error .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision on the tag .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts a usagekey string to a course_id .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a file with many tables .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  read   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authenticate against keystone server .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   function
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of the pairs has required by the action .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  require a postgresql package .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  require   upgrade
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return all users currently connected users .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a module name .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the signal-to-noise activation function .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize mappers in total_size:1g .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if arg is a string or a python list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return whether the frame can return true if we are running .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the rds normal distribution .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  calculate   create
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the counter value of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function used by environment variables .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   replaces
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return optimal .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  return   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  initialize the vagrant description for the given epoch .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  initialize   session
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations using translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps data to statas types for given type .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  maps   numpy
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses the given identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  non additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return whether any given path matches the list .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether or not the variable inputs are over a hdf5 of the same role .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  shows   helper
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred encoding preferred environment used for locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the specified local root directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  send a feedback suggestion and the given email after the given user_id .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local peers is managing .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of random sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a file .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the proxy poll port for the instance .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns generator sorted list of all successful messages .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given user has the specified attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the number of original images] matrix containing the raw mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  fft   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all {}log commands for pkg .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  display   variables
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a list of all client tests in the given directory .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default default if none satisfies .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  using   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file if it does not exist .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function for metrics .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authorizes   return
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections of the loop to the x intersections from the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return a string name of the given python 2 .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns an absolute path to a symlink module .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  this function is used to attach with a more ascii line pixel .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  open   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  get the custom known values for this auth .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update opkg in a local one of the repository with a list of repository_dependencies actions .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  replace   try
truth:  update   update

test:  find the dyndns win32 zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  find   expression
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the latest snapshot have common to the given date .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  pick   pick

test:  make sure that turn off input types to tuples .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  function   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of regions for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from vector3 loop .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of all returner returner .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian linear covariance parameters tied : ndarray the actual linear unit returns tied .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   contrast
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return a list of valid files that are marked as if there are valid .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  if   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a the object from the way .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  test   null
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   search
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view .
truth: status view . 
test:  null   control
truth:  view   view

test:  return availability of availability for zone .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get the paragraphs with a given random amount of paragraphs with paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around jinjas martelli from the site_query data structure .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  use sortcap to vb .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  use   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  send the given javascript message to qutebrowser .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  send   a
truth:  make   null

test:  trim some files in .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  trim   return
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a maximum of a maximum of the respective components of a maximum component .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  method to reload the remote module to reload this fetch .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running next totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  running   compute
truth:  running   running

test:  returns the cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a query from the bag from a value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  given   function
truth:  module   module

test:  returns whether or not the known known known known keys .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt the number of options in a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  migrate the database that the database will have been set .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  fake   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a versions of the given urls with varnish .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   return
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  from url :codeauthor: tim .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   fingerprints
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  returns a string containing the non-editable api .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  returns   docstring
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an iterator over all elements of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  return   seq
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for use with team_name .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a vm instance is except on the hypervisor and will open a session .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   a
truth:  using   registry

test:  parse an email .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  null   get
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to create a store_fs where pootle_path and store its a project .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find attribute in the single attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a 2d array from a list of arrays .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  construct   init
truth:  null   spline

test:  make command line separator into a sequence of command-line arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  build history for history items .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  build   code
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the gpu gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename name of the user to set as a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the status code is running on the boolean .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  check   return
truth:  show   show

test:  escapes a text widget used as an html version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  escapes   nodes
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a wsgiapp to run a wsgi application received .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert path into a file .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  format   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  split a string in current field .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  split   no
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  return a number of total objects and number of album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  advance   s
truth:  return   a

test:  as style string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside positional .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a numpy ndarray of a tuple .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run one or more process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the name of the current thread .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  find the named service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize wrapper .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  run   a

test:  regression custom program .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urlscm execute a tuple parameter .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convenience function .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  null   lines
truth:  point   point

test:  convert grouped inputs and assign grouped to key .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  slice   columns

test:  pretty-print a make indentation level .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return tuple of existing projects that will be deleted .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a file with the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for filters which makes date:yyyy-mm-dd2016-08-09 iterator in an arbitrary scope .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  add e to the environment root .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  add   null
truth:  supply   null

test:  return a dictionary consisting of a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  all files to disk files .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a list of compiler parent directory .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   null

test:  request --> ajax .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  request   encode
truth:  generate   a

test:  fetch in a refs file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  run   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements admin_media_prefix and renders the template context with the given signature @rtype: returns true value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a concatenator index of axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a single http header into http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  log the exponential by correlation coefficient .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  configured   use
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper for tr5 and update et code .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute { and update removed .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  pick   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a parent template extends a template extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return an alert slices containing the applications of the app .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  return   list
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a single suffix value .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   function
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  checks if object is a container object .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute the rectified linear lomb-scargle product of *x* .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   like
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all all non-alphanumeric characters that single string escaped by escape characters found in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  unicode unicode string as a unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   extension
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return a klein-style descriptor containing a source document .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  read   head

test:  convert string to python data structure .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  string   null
truth:  to   null

test:  'sqrtn' scaling of the order by the square distribution .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume advance the iterator 0 .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   create
truth:  consume   null

test:  return the number of days in this format .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  delete a single status .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   records
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the growing 2 must show even if tornado 2 colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test rs first 2 .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the information about the xblocks xblocks in the given xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the currently registered status for given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a mask to a complex mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  get   get

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  least common multiple of numpy .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an pickling .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  delete files .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  files   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows service in use .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  if   null
truth:  start   start

test:  query the random api query string in the wiki rate .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  text   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decode server info from given image options .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  checkout   install
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context activation reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  check if the current python implementation is installed .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  select   a

test:  find metadata with the given files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  find   create
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine as a given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a simple house proxy object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the list of tuples of all possible id from the expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  filter the filesystem dict/list/tuple of a zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  find   file
truth:  compress   null

test:  test execution without the child child itself will be used for package .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  verifies   prefix
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of grouped data structure for the given form .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  form   form

test:  return the lowercase and stemmed article for a given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  open   return
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the basic auth key and format needed for google api .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a name is actually the other certain version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   test

test:  format exception for writing .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  adds djangos context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill and return a single variable .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  returns bundle namespaces in xml form .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  controls   controls

test:  set possible hook for containers .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  set   add
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an ordereddict of public ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put user in an esxi api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect ip name to show the output of show ip .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require setuptools from a setuptools setuptools they are in a specific setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   python
truth:  require   null

test:  formats the first character as a string .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix note: currently very expensive examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns search: files based on predictable session .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  query   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  construct a function by the pool .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add :func:subprocess volume info that are enabled .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  add   volume
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   return
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  make a 2d list of images by series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  base   calculate
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get the first occurence of the lines in a line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a node and populates the appropriate computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of all the files brew from the directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced monitor from a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  check if the given string is valid .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country and phone calling an country number of country codes for the specified country and stores country objects for the specified country code
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  passport - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp path for a bridge/device or conf .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  remove common logging info from the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  remove   logs
truth:  null   a

test:  return the partitions of n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert hedgehog according to iso 8601 format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  parses the structure of the selected quota and retrieve the quota one .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  pull   response
truth:  report   report

test:  gets the python version as a po version file .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: pluginelement this plugin allows you to put the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy model that implement the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   pollscm
truth:  null   tox

test:  a scenario object should apply to scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test isolation if an error is raised this test is different from matrix .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts the given path string to a dotted path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to add_tag for question 2 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson dummy to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  match a step type .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  match   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple wrapper of the file system .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add vector3 xml .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   logging
truth:  add   add

test:  return shared free output .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with a response code .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  execute queries and return its parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy result result when importing the provided parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  do   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  returns a list of all the oauth type_qualifier .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  returns a list of filenames .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   access
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc instance for magic datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   a

test:  run a file in the shell folder .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  run   build
truth:  open   svg

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  yield   method
truth:  null   method

test:  a node columns in a ast .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  execute   nodes
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  attempts to handle non live class associated with a given payload .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a pem certificate request .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files and return a list of paths found in the following cache directory .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  given a template name in the given list of strings .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  given   count
truth:  prints   words

test:  get the flow object from the session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- gets the users with the most karma! .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test parameter: of list1 to check if the test flag is not implemented .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  return the content of a users incrontab to a users formatted user .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which skips a test if unittest is skip a protocol instance .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterator of all python files .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterate   null

test:  attempts to configure the logger .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  to   null
truth:  have   null

test:  return a python widget with a pcap marker .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host url from server request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the hash designed to do place .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  compute   windows
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the category .
truth: validate children . 
test:  setup   commands
truth:  validate   children

test:  main entry point for running application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  null   point
truth:  create   create

test:  return existing file containing the contents of the file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations violations files .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  print   resources
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  translate the value for each strings in the sequence .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a normal version of extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  add the archivable object and attribute to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns bitmap without image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  delete an instance constraint of an instance .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  see scaled .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  see   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  plots by the free memory as a cuda event in bytes of the event .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  return a list of events and their events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  authenticate   language
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a mongodb client object .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend for a given backend and uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  some data to provide a ports volume .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  gather   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts django view options for django applications to a single request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if markdown == html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database connection .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   return
truth:  create   database

test:  get a specific version of the given version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  compute the ranksums standard error between two points .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  fill   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is not a valid path .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top of the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a documentation for an examples in the user we can run assumed via a user defined by a username .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds a new exam summary to the timed api operation in the course summary page .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   calculate
truth:  add   in

test:  plaintext multiline-related markers .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  shear affine from a mathml matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   matrix

test:  continues a linear variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  function   mask
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  code to be used with a notebook notebook parameters cell : a code to the jupyter engine to process the notebook api .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  =   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous date string for permission checks that the user and only .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  lift a __new__ .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix module registration methods in use this action .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   =
truth:  replace   division

test:  listen for api selection of items when the event id is created .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  cleanup   blocks
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist if 1) is not already in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  run a container from a docker container container id returns the id of the container container container id of the container container container container container .
truth: get container information . 
test:  run   container
truth:  get   container

test:  decorator factory for simulating contained in a conda renderer .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  create a client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compares the specified author and return a tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two arrays t into a check if two individuals are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  example action without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  view   action
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a unicode string from subclasses of closely characters parameters xml : .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  return   method
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert files adding url to paths or a list of paths or a single path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add he .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   item

test:  renders a prepopulated form for the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return an iterable of lists .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  return   function
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  match   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if lines has already been imported in an ax file .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount remount callback to remount a command using remount version .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  compute the rsa message from rsa number of rsa tuples .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  place   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the content is a dataset or a filename .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  simple side of ensuring that a cloudformation b .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  test calling of __new__ classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the contents of the long description .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  a context manager that accepts a device from the given coordinate .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  test   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register the current internal definitions for float64 .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   up
truth:  register   register

test:  close the ordering of the available dumper .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   interface
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a new logger .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  assert that the given string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a query string to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   i
truth:  query   query

test:  remove all prerequisite milestone associated with a prerequisite milestone by the specified content path .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   api
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  stop   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the encoding used by the given encoding and name .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the exception object for a failure .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp header from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   converts
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of tuples of an staging property .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  need   need

test:  return the json representation for postfix requests .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  return   view
truth:  render   a

test:  only run gid .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  return a scalar or an image using a given parameters image : array-like smooth smoothed returns de : float estimate of image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a query' query string .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   keys
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate a username which is not supported in the username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  raises   a

test:  creates a emphasizing clock parameters f : 1d array to find the location of the equations notation of the linear clock .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all unique namespaces to load these namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local object .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to determine if the files are entirely .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   files
truth:  source   source

test:  get the opkg .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  get   create
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the tracks for the given version string .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handler to the path .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  request   request
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where quoted strings were empty strings .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a string or as a list of /etc/sysconfig/docker values .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check picks in format .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  exception   error
truth:  check   check

test:  return a sorted list of tuples for the given fold symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms id for a vm .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   get_image
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the repr of the given param to a repr according to the role on both python 2 .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the rvm-installed digit along a python number in ascii notation .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns count of cache for a given alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  count   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  build a file into a string .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the given objects caches the whole cache .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer number in the half-open interval .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  return   one
truth:  function   function

test:  change process to use in a gray-level repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  change   context
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove files under root and directories .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   workaround
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience method to store the next post api .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  create an scripts and update tests .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   test
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the metadata of a collection in the history .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  decimals   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  get the raw information for the given vm .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   a
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  just like html .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  build   html

test:  the number of atoms between month and month data .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   periods
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle files to handle notation from a hex file .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  code   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the raw bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  find   input
truth:  null   null

test:  compile the compiler compiler of an object using methods and its usage_key_string class or octagon .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  cms of a setting of code or cms .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the region code that matches a specific country calling country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize common prefix for running on windows .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the instance sizes in the provider .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  display   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return info on mac os version of freebsd .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for a list of functions and return them .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generates a random letter id that is choices in the same format as choices .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the given model parse query string to be read from this avoids query strings .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  null   files
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a dict with a entities of exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   crud
truth:  returns   a

test:  verifies that click is a portaudio .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a string referring content content into a dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  null   encodings
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary with keys for a particular multiplier .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from password or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the numeric tensors of a positive integer n programmes equation n times .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the current mysql module .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  get   in
truth:  look   in

test:  build a dictionary of rows as a list of view_types .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast gets valid string .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the matrix to the kaiserord kaiser of a kaiser system .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  provide a native string or of the given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  query   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if latest reader have at storage .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to get an appropriate authentication method from a wsdl host name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the given string or byte string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  if   null

test:  attach a response to the api .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  save   null

test:  find the json id from host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  return an initial tweaked of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  return   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  compute the quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  compute   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build privileges to be used in xml format .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  build   change
truth:  string   string

test:  for training images with user ids .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  to   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require the permission contenttype .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  make a skeinisoed thread that iterates through all threads summary domain and the given corpus .
truth: train a model . 
test:  make   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a dict of restrict documents into a dictionary of information .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn docs for an svn repository .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  iterates   generator
truth:  changes   changes

test:  translate f to desired fitness coordinates .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  block   returns
truth:  null   opposite

test:  return the population statistic function of the variance at x .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   guess
truth:  module   identification

test:  calculate and convert given value for a corresponding bitstrings .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  prompts   null

test:  test for a measurement task_id for a series of edge cases .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with a scenario entry should respond to .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a list of namespaces to get html references and parses them as a dictionary with the return value .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if the url is a url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the revamped import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of markdown extensions that are marked as markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the interactive circle .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a view that is requested with the context as an openid template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   replacement

test:  get the average and suffix of the given step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  go   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates a hash for storing the cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns a users permissions for the media creator table .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  call   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a w2p version of a test suite .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  list lists of input lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about multiple single-entry process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check that a orthoganlize space .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   io
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parse struct-like stack if the structure contains extra argument and returns the same stack trace .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  to   method

test:  return crawleable multilines .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  run   run

test:  given a *pointset* reader and a list of objects .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears any node level nodes .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  r^2   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns whether the current frame was visible for the specified frame or not .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the z-wave climate node platform .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get synonyms status for one directory .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  grab   a

test:  get the list of vagrant headers for the passed list- .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after email after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call signature:: search .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  call   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  get the timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  given a list of paths and a specific path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string containing ssh-key filenames for trial tables as extra_model_fields .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  check if obj is valid .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  if   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  require a list of lists of arbitrary dates .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a sorted list of colors .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns the dictionary of the given template_name and *obj* .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  show next available ebs data as raw driver .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  show   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  expand numeric combinations timeout phone codes .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  left   null
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with the text lines in a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   lines
truth:  get   get

test:  infer an api container to best best from container policy container policy policy list of values .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return an easter link for the given character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  reads the line from the source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  returns the value of the words within a given word .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  render environment variables .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  render   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  convert an answer to the specified text string .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the appropriate module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  call   call

test:  for #3319 dns model outputs the original flag when the model objects .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   computation
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the right layer is properly present .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder rebulk group that is rebulk for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test that jd1 of month drawn .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a symbol of whether it is modifiers[symbol] .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the given type is a xml type .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  match   a

test:  this is a bug chart .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined error execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   null
truth:  predefined   return

test:  converts a pil .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove all fake markup .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  fake   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with a byte string form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add a pretty printer for the given type rather than 2 .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action button to update plugins .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is and determine if it is and not .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the l1 and y as vectors .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a deete stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a newer fastly .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   put
truth:  to   delete

test:  adds configuration / poll from the site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  bench   custom
truth:  add   custom

test:  returns html escaped for html .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge two dictionaries by adding dictionaries to *dicts dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   handle
truth:  merge   a

test:  determine if the filer cache character is filer .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide detection for the line length .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  work   headers
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points requirements are signed .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger type in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial container from a given loop .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return list of the websocket header that is a given response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  list   samples
truth:  sort   headers

test:  a pickleable helper method for linked to a raw entry .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize structure for values .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  expire   implementation
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   run
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  is for future parameters that was used to convert further processing .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a unix-style client coercion necessary for ssl client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  cycle through the first one libcloud globally the first grains and the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the location according to the many axes space .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs the command line interface via main .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the standard error along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the minimum tmux .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  null   download
truth:  return   return

test:  place place database to portion of data control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  generate all sorted list of languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  send   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return an html representation of the input html string as html tags .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  called   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all groups belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create a group reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the configuration for the provided deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the name of the jinja attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  utility function for getting a url part of the input url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse output_seqs_f markers out localization parts .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   properties
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns an u'build' dictionary .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  return   create
truth:  minify   +

test:  set zapi example .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  create a test method that creates tests to test the given class object .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  encrypts a encoded string .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   create
truth:  analyze   a

test:  step data on a bunch of usage .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  step   data
truth:  used   null

test:  show the current osmc .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test when pip works .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  2 2 .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check if we can remove log output .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for environ purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert tuples from certain matrix to simple overrides overrides string .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all non-deleted snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  build unicode python source files into unicode string .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  check   a
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  test that unknown callable functions should be finalized .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that hugs nullable support works correctly handles basic values passed in .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  merge \n# engine .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  merge   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager to yield a file that dynamically load a with block .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  to   file
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an model from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  simulates   replaces
truth:  load   a

test:  a numeric tree to represent the given tree or a python interpreter .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the levi-civita symbol for the given context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  print the available options for the given option .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  command   helper
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  build the remote config via iupac env .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   build
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  check whether item is a table name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  check   check
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function that initializes 0 .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  calculate   argument
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a large string from a fits file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  loads   pcoa
truth:  read   a

test:  set config for given sites .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  config   setup
truth:  help   help

test:  convert a zmq buffer name .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  takes   python
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using an allauth user .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined or false .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the time series .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  helper for sorting that decides an even when the coordinate or the dependencies along an axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the time in the input position of a two strings which are equal to a does not raise valueerror if the other %}{{ equal .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   checks
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran boto_elasticache of the matrix where elements are dropped .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   shuffles
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the resource is parent .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  escape markdown object as markdown by markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a first order order order m2 differential equation with separable coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse bson tree from elementtree root .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the named system is a system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes the networks tabs for the given course_key as having by the given course tabs .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content html group for confirmation example .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  prints a dependencygrammar .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  prints   dictionary
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  gets the memoized 2 tag .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  collects   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse vcpu_pin_set conditional expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  stream   attempt
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check for an instance of a given return .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path name for path .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse a dictionary object .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  if   check

test:  and_expression : expression comma assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  routes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the linear updates [1]_ .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns the footer to use in the footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of product details .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete transaction where rowcount and setting where clause where the values are page and numeric where clause after page .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by value amount rather than specified value amount .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   null
truth:  place   place

test:  collect all installed files of the tcl or usually only .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  force   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test column column names in a file: column .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  determine   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a string .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  change email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  gets the data for example bugs .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  default   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download a mission from the local api .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  takes one or more keyword arguments and gets called with arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  format   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  makes a tensor used for many ebs .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  read the root password to inject the path to the base password into a root key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  read   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain topojson objects from device .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  get   in
truth:  read   in

test:  retrieve a list of plugin sockets associated with a given store .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  set   set

test:  this compiles windows .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  cache   works
truth:  load   load

test:  return snapshots snapshots to chunk .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: get or get the finder-comment of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrapper for vertically .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  initializes   node
truth:  constructs   a

test:  list sailthru to backend .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  load the database connection .
truth: create the database . 
test:  load   list
truth:  create   create

test:  log normal normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  raise an exception if it contains a filesystem or all .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return status for a given key .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  force   create
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an air-by-date format .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return the name of the first batches .
truth: if present . 
test:  expose   wrap
truth:  present   null

test:  return the ovs domain of a request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the pdf string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to the corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information on a container .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f * g*h where f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   server
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  null   model
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences from input .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   roles

test:  convert an event object into a dictionary of information .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get the locale for the given discussion .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a trophytype or pend accounts .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns a doclist with a given user can throw where this document is a partial user .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a property property with a cascading property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the given user string .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful handler for videos and bokeh .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   json

test:  only load if the specified services cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  decorator: dispatch .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to create an ]indices classes] .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  resorts   helper
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  return the name of the type sorting .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  return   egg
truth:  mangle   a

test:  saves an owner .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parallel parallel .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   square
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the prod along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrap arguments and keyword arguments exactly once .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns the reversed model .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  takes a string for content-type which can be updated .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   a

test:  this signs the output of the given deserializing .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  resets   update
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the first element of the whitespace or none .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether or not a module is a set of names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  check   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus console .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a alternatives audio file from a alternatives table .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  removes   fake
truth:  builds   null

test:  adds a dict with respect to the non-empty domain of f in the range .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  defines   terms
truth:  add   add

test:  process code into l{libvlc_media_list_new}() when active .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the buffer state in a buffer .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  set   state

test:  find node with appropriate node id .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  the pagination page method .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a precision string to precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  round   a

test:  return a cached cached class as the given name .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  return   utc
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  make   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return series/index series/index in the series/index by given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  save data in response .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install latest revision requirements .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  asserts   python
truth:  install   install

test:  return the number of bytes that are independent by log-values .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  robust smart_text to directories .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  release   release

test:  upload a blob that resets its instance after the test completes .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  just run a task in port without downloading its name .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the integer to b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  convert from string to valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  convert   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined and teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an xml element from the pixel table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  unregister   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server description from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an argument dictionary for working with the given name .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  creates   null

test:  checks if the given glob path matches the given pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  do any sizes in com/youtube/v typetalk .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  retrieve   parses
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the default resource type for the given resource .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test single bundle method .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   version
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  test   date

test:  set and return vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  set   return
truth:  add   a

test:  sign the last dict of a hash for existing one .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  null   fit
truth:  sign   sign

test:  initialize after and fire events .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a vfs callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  null   backend
truth:  translate   translate

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  value   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  does a url lookup by a probability window .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  does   helper
truth:  callback   callback

test:  compute correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error regression loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   loop
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key return a set of strings representing cohorted ids to determine if cohorted is marked as well set .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  read   coefficients
truth:  create   a

test:  return the default dulwich setting for the current machine .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   plotting
truth:  null   handlers

test:  return first ip address of socket .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  blocks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group configurations .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  bench   custom
truth:  bench   bench

test:  validate the user configuration and collect the information .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  get   a

test:  return summary of csv which contains a summary of csv codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  this callables callables a module to send imported as being used by the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  calculate the number of '>b' bit buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculate   count
truth:  calculates   null

test:  finds and returns the version and the underlying facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  finds   dict
truth:  get   current

test:  identity fnc .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  display the post commandline .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  display   show
truth:  return   info

test:  create a string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get a queue object from the database .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   event
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the sha-1 hash of password according to the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a python timedelta object to seconds since the corresponding python l{int} .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a list of application properties .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  url   a
truth:  register   register

test:  return the list of binary lines from text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   find
truth:  to   function

test:  compute a matrix of the short-time matrix .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a subset of dicts from mongos/uri type .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns ifname fully-qualified .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the disk file .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  inplace comparison with linking to b .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  inplace   deconvolution
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the request token from the application .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  deletes   model
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a class instance .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  load usage .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  function   units
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   statistics
truth:  file   file

test:  save a bem bem parameters to val .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  copies   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  retrieve a member to load a pool cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  compress file location .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns true if the requested domains has been reached .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an object for axes or type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a normal hash of classes .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw matplotlib layout for a graph .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   python
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute shortest centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   twitter
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make do the current context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns the partially float .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the command line file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  convert a string encoded to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on openbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  is   work
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   start
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a string to a list of bytes .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  => => dt64 .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  error   run
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if the given model is enabled .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  returns   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  like mix .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has more than one feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  testing   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  obtain the header meta information from request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  obtain   note
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available locations that are on the provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code language in the path to the given language-code language .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of conversion to edit matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  makes a histogram from label .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  makes   plots
truth:  plot   plot

test:  creates multiple mlp with multiple layers decoded layer size and test for mlp which takes an mlp .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  create   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  context manager for testing .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   convert
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   like
truth:  format   a

test:  upload the use of pypi .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  upload   upload

test:  handle the api .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handle   display
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execute the init event loop through init entries .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  join   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get true if pending computer matches pending computer .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a multipart multipart structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  count default string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  output   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that over a model which is not accepted by any negative get_current_user .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   d

test:  test that cloning from vcs or absence of editable configurations .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  create a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the bucket stub for use in urls to build .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   build
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse a iso8601 date into a dictionary of iso8601 .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the configuration values for vispy config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a pytree pattern which will be returned as the pattern matching the pattern types .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a module from the input stream .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the number of nth result for an interval .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   p
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   commands
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a u-quadratic distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the uic property and return the numbers of the given score .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  stop profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  stop   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control characters for docker docker .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  compute the numpy array .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  looks   function
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns a dictionary of all one many pairs .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of all iam subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if path is a unicode string .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  if   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  update the list of ajax subscription the datastore .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  finds multiple field values from ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  finds   method
truth:  restore   references

test:  for image backends - is not required for gui backends - show() is usually the last line of a pylab script and tells the backend that it is time to
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks if sgemv is not implemented on make .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use symmetric and sign a positive type .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  use   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restore learn_shift logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the name of a mode value .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  name   name

test:  strips the footer from a source file .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  fixture which provides the c{false} if necessary .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  hash a string at the beginning and return a list of tokens .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  do   null
truth:  select   null

test:  reports and returns the most facebook notification on the generated .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  reports   function
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  make sure we can jedi the right optimizer .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  github   github

test:  create a python string from an existing imaging file .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  output one or more files and inject source into a file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  form   lines
truth:  null   entry

test:  set current commands .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  dataset   setup
truth:  error   error

test:  broadcast all requests on request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  view   update
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  convert a slice into a slice that may be passed to the right numpy .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the module can be pricing into active module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training restful crud controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  the deprecated handler for the deprecated api .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm count of the current sequence from file and going to .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   function
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple configurable .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  acts user to get next user or ha if there is ha .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list of applications which have a given deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  set setting channel click .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  simulate   text
truth:  select   null

test:  create a paste app object from the user and end auth .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a string for binary just like underlying end of the known types .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  evaluate a string or the entire representation of a python datetime object .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   str
truth:  string   string

test:  clear the path .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize python implementation for use in templates .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  warning   keys
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over bytes .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk block of the given block file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a function that will automatically be used with the given module .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return if we are a scalar .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this is a decorator that i run during a task and add .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  filter formstyle with the given id .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  match   return
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a string to a python file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  decode the mathjax script from a string .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  make   children
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  copy an events to a list of events dictionary .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  copy   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  link link to the resource url .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  link   redirects
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generate "keys" "keys" as a configures iterator .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   event

test:  a context manager that launches a buffer in the current context .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the group id and effective user if the current user does not exists .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   version
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   name
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts a string representation of any open true .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  opens   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all nodes in for model .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  save   color
truth:  null   null

test:  cleanups the collection documents from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded alphabet for use in the given alphabet to the encoded alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  plot the environment for a given axis .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns data to be used in widget .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the job id of all users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a dictionary for the specified policy .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  if the github name: date of a github workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the running tk known extractor .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify the given path to the elastic certificate under a certificate path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  python 2 and kwargs with the same name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  internal link for source directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  power of a matrix of length n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   response
truth:  return   a

test:  check one distance between ideal and distance .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  log an error snapshot .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  error   endpoint
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given a module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  given   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  returns the disk ip address resolves .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   rest

test:  delete a s3 bucket from s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return either a human-readable question object .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  return   prompt
truth:  ask   user

test:  convert a number of digits to the number of days .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  transforms a timezone name into a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   controller
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  simple wrapper around 'overridden' .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns true if and only if the given args is present within a dict .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to strip a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that slice and blaze expressions .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  test   custom
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  gpu one optimization by theano sql python objects .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verify binasciiimport properties are valid .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  verify   configuration
truth:  checks   checks

test:  turn multiple choice of a list of right polynomials into a single vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  computes []other data at the given statements and generate a dictionary of *ax* based on the statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  patch   use
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the wsgi account account or none if an account is not none .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  source   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method abstract .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the number of latest translation distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  enqueue events to be enabled via event events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a revisions to a contributor document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  module parameters .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  module   import
truth:  save   state

test:  formats data to a human-readable int .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create an html test after testing .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   function
truth:  run   run

test:  send initializing on current term socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  create   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a hub for the given addon and name .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  sends   tag
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last latest metadata for the specified repository from the repository changeset changelog has the latest changeset changeset if the repository has the repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   update
truth:  return   return

test:  try to convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run the command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  configure a string from an infinite sequence of formatters .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test column info also copied from several comparators table metadata .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  make   testing
truth:  existing   replace

test:  check if days and start callback for given start start is a goal start fulfills .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse suggest over the generated openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  plot   handle
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named groups takes named result as groups of groups argument .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   steps

test:  otherwise be used for expr in expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  ascii   replacement
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string for the weekly of weekly .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the function with the being run on which default func are not implemented via the first argument .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  tests that the ]['use layer works .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  test   test

test:  browser browser browser the server for use with provided interface .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates an rpc until the rpc token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  start   create
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the settings for an instance .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return the directory where path is a list of paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert a matrix where each conf has a missing power method .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the latest version of the remote system .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a get_home_dir() for an fig .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates l2 l2 basis for f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  convert ipv6 address to packed bytes .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the loop of a given loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the tool has a negative tool code .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  approximate the u function for the decorated function .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   call
truth:  is   a

test:  construct vlm_media order function that can reach one .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns all of the levels node layouts from consistencies .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the shape of the two independent samples .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function signature .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more items to be executed and return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates an :class: .
truth: input data . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  input   data

test:  decorate a function in python dictionary .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  drops   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg command .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function wrapper .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   call
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  move style files .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that is requested with the x-arg-check response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize a near object and then noop its base64 encoded .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serialize   process
truth:  given   null

test:  multiple energy of a system or all energy in a given sequence .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  returns a base item from dictionary .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a iban object for iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  pass me an item from the database .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pass   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the value of a variable or np .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  get   values

test:  add a list of all checked by the models in a specific format .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  add   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  returns the directory that are u'term .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  test database connection info .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  test   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if a vm is available .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  default function for issue :jenkins-wiki:environment .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  if   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the temporary file and return the name .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all available reboot .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  sets data in clipboard to json buffer .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  request   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if a list is a list of .
truth: check slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  returns the string of any given search in the string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project name if it uses the acl .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  if   return
truth:  project   project

test:  get a list of compute nodes .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  read property values into a single list of option .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace the parent in the order specified by the year .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  package   split
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  a version of shutil .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  teardown cluster with a cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  return js data with low or other fields of data .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of users cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   set

test:  shows a list of events and b are html for the given user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  shows   page
truth:  null   page

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  measure   measure
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value from the value string as a string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the data in reverse to the given data .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check for entrance exam of an rescoring section .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  check   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  ensure the original issue numerical class & old-style cobbler properly .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  demonstrate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look up an object .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by complex .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties of the sparse matrix .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the item in the list is a binary string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  if   try
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute harris corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   harris

test:  construct an constructor object for a given constructor .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a dns response for a particular response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop mrl .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   vlm_media
truth:  add   a

test:  returns list of python modules in the given directory name .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  test   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks if the given server is running on this node .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a inserted ip .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  write write url to a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  write   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  user filtered by location .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send notification like object .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  test performance of 0 .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a buffer of surface as a dict .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   object
truth:  read   a

test:  from a list of lists in list grouped by the windows lists .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   null
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   note
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   os
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks a tuple of versions the versions .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  check whether the current transaction requires the execution backend .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  monitor   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper function to get/create a score in order to the instructortask module .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  function   permissions
truth:  set   set

test:  sets up the locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a directory containing the names of a directory .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  open a file containing a default content document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  returns a new dict[name] instance .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the extension for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  removes redundant /s characters from url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' build files using 'goals' requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   dictionaries
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast config to the specified argparse value .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  config   entry
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  remove mako update fields from the intersection .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert decimal control points to unicode .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test if source string is the same source .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  testing pickleability is not buildout .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   test
truth:  add   add

test:  check if the obj is a sequence of strings .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : lbrace initializer_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   student

test:  modifies number of zfs components of 92 .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  modifies   database
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  seconds   source
truth:  function   function

test:  plot plot with a 2d numpy ndarray .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plot   connections
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  calculate all numa topology topology topology as numa .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the accidentally accidentally passing 'multinomial .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  it should run only the scenario .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  return the given datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  generate   system
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  decode   decode

test:  use host format .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  host   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns whether the containing the normalized accept header sent by http accept a normalized request and accept a normalized header for the http request or http accept an eve/flask request
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a helper function for trend .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  generate a helper function for relative url todo: use in urls .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  creates   version
truth:  function   function

test:  check the external flow of the given creator .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   try

test:  extend the provider of this object is created via update os-dependent models .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify weights and descriptions over the weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  "'n'mustbeinteger" signal of the first kind of the positive kind .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables in the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns all synonyms that are synonyms from the given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  given a collection to a collection of particular user .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  histogram summaries for 1:max_dim .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts an protobuf protobuf into a protocol of an entity buffer .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  same as preprocessing .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  remove   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  if the mock api .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  execute   dict
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if arg is iterable and has a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  test statusbar when statusbar is shown .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  make   null

test:  processes the default headers and attributes .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  point   implements
truth:  default   default

test:  get the current option and paginated class .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  constructs   options
truth:  choose   null

test:  ensure that all npm functions and add are vulnerable to ['create' .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  files   files

test:  zipped route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the git logger for a git repository .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  take a list of required hierarchical command line numbers .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return arp_cache information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  url url .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print sampling sampling of a model as visible in theano .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  batch   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  calculates f polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  gcd   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  flow   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  this is a thread that returns the current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output has spaces .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  add an edges to the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  add   find
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the vowel of the vowel as two strings .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adapt avoid state of a csv file .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create and return the configuration from path .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sets the contact = setting of streamfield or disable handlers .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default get parameter match the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  wrapper for jinjas .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  grid of leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  split   expression

test:  if the user is not part of the request lifecycle parameter to retrieve new email address for the request lifecycle .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  password   password

test:  wait for a override request to do not support with 180 or the given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  override   override

test:  cache the product for the package database for the given package .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  caching caching cache manager for testing .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of network output variables .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the json representation of a dict .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to be in the field and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an absolute path syntax .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  remove current files using fcgi we return environment .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of acl strings .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the string representation of the password name .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  the default value .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   =
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: build build notifications for certain build steps requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot version >=1 .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute shortest points in a surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   surface

test:  an application that displays the request environment .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  remove ntpd and assign cleanup immediately in the test .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a mailchimp double double user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check to see if a file type is check if the image already exists .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return items in backend based on backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  return   items
truth:  null   items

test:  return an exception object to return an exception object .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the connection to the connelse database .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary of attributes associated with their own course_id .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the invoice preference for the invoice set .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  build syntax backend for changed/added use the /desk#module/setup .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the zerofor of a table .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  return the pprint type for the given module .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  base   pprint

test:  return the value of errors as a pandas timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  test some slugify with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  determine if node is subclass of a subclass .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  the whole status of a list of tuples .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the lazy test for the target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  test   test

test:  shorthand for setting the inclusion_params_and_context .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the subgraph components of g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  connected   generate

test:  makes a template extension .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  makes   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a deprecated record .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a multinomial distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a dict into a dict of arbitrary value .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  function   function

test:  define loss between the target and the output: expected size .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  expands a particular migration or scans a particular migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  slices   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  make sure exit .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  null   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  initialize custom email address .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  fetch   email
truth:  add   add

test:  get the preferred interval for the current machine .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return x minus an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator for tests that the decorated function handles this decorator applies a sgroup instance .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete partitions of the graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a utf8 encoded text file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  fix location image and/or cache values for swift forms and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a member to the virtual server cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   add
truth:  add   a

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the marketing link is a any of the marketing link in the marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  next the next character n .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  same as djangos output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   tuples
truth:  null   pprint

test:  returns the query of messages for any article calls .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  combine multiple records for order outputs .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  null   null

test:  exited a package .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  build   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  compute the vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  function response along with new error .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  to   method

test:  escapes an html tree .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  escapes   strips
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   a
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  display a github api request using two two two two two two two two two two two two two urls .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  issue   method
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the main program is not active applications for launching applications applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   dictionaries
truth:  null   null

test:  blue = configuration .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  update a annotations change only .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that "show and nan-like units .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test that "clock" image can be loaded .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  call   call

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as exempt maintenance url .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  redirect a group topic message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip decorator .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  a valid formated power to raw raw input .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  view   converts
truth:  if   null

test:  generates sure the best environment variables for tests to use .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this context .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available on the system .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   power
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an attained line from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function that runs for test arguments .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source frame .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  compute   dictionaries
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a string into a list of entity nodes .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  take   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  save the process in the defined process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   a

test:  get the number of seconds in days note: new date .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   =
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  strip link to the given text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   null
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  loads   cast
truth:  save   a

test:  test that a user is not correct using the another user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  get all scene exceptions for an existing cache id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a single versions for a thumbnail .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read ranges to the named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  convert   dumps
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory for this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the latest open release tag of a git repository whose git is in the git checkout .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a config file from the current machine by sending it to a logrotate app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  return the name of a service lookup .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  for more than search functions and returns where rank is the first element in them .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  register a decorator to be used from es es es helper function .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  register   attributes
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with macos timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert unit size to fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   unit
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  launches   integer
truth:  find   find

test:  factory function that creates a new app .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of all groups in the given user name .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  find a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  find   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite as supplied .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  perform   runs
truth:  shared   null

test:  return image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  return   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  pass data through a stream .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the current function which returns the difference between nodes and corresponding to the given scope .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  a task to mark a task by trying to its action object .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   action
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method name .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return notices to find a process from iterable and checks .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the content of a people object has an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of all possible integer back into a string .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the global hypervisor or the global async version .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set eeg channel definitions for eeg eeg test cases parameters params : 2d array of axes known_hosts .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  set   names
truth:  create   create

test:  transform polar coordinates to rotation matrix .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  transform   metric
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host info .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  find any contours zpool in the path .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set epsilon positions of epsilon by epsilon disabled in each state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   state
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to unserialize plain text processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  to   user
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get the external api index for a given source or query .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of app for the given app .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   url
truth:  get   a

test:  serialize a numpy array into memory transform .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields specified paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache of the entity and return the entity .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  formats a high_id_key operator .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a pcs property cibfile name/path of a cluster cibfile cibfile name/path .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  email for email address or disable email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  email   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  already this method asserts that a allowed method is called on a subclass and makes sure a deprecation method is signed with an error is not yet .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parameters 2 .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the specified account for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a host record that only include the db table .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configuration options passed to this minion .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  hit for displaying .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  find the dll instance for an objc library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   search
truth:  to   null

test:  and it does upgrade if requested .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a file path to a filesystem path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the new forum start and save as the last start sr .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns dictionaries of language .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  update the output directory .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  update   update
truth:  list   list

test:  check if text is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns api filter based access controls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  check   return
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert octal file descriptors to octal octal files .
truth: using os . 
test:  update   a
truth:  using   os

test:  url url for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  support   support

test:  checks if id is a valid sender sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert the attribute array to a params: documentation .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  code   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets up to bypass cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  unpack -> _to_base_type() .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  unpack   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the linux sample correctly from a otus sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert a json channel to json string .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   square
truth:  null   keyword

test:  get a list of all available package files .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  retrieves   function
truth:  list   list

test:  bulk bulk destroy the floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  returns the index of switched from a list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps the url for the application .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the templatetags info output from the view classes and the one of the targets keys .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  a wrapper for target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  return a list of paths for an absolute s3 .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  determine if the object is in the course specific wiki group .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string argument to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   case
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable repository_metadata as a repository changeset revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the xml handler for the given tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migrations for a given migration and instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns true or false if the number of boolif hide .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a file object from the given filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  expect   decorator
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tag .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an index into multiple sub arrays along the index .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file offset .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge dask array see numpy arrays .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  approximate   update
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  microsoft microsoft inverse pin joyent a aws array rather than one way for each aws distribution rather than a given keychain or equal .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  a qualified message to complete .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize string concatenation .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  link link to a list of child related to .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if two files are actually a virtual directory .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the right v1 .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get total seconds of days in python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  generic validation function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  create an enabled api service returns {created: true} if the specified api was created and returns {created: false} if the api was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  send pending console info task .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  beta locations of :class: .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  encode message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  null   in
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific filename is in the specific filesystem .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   file
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert migrations back to the larger string defined in version 149 .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   columns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return those elementreturn of elements in the sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if there is an extension lookup message and not already in a given technique .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  return a dictionary of slashes to a corresponding in a course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   course

test:  params implementation in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only work on windows .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  convert the output of a 2d ioloop to the tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  populate   build
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator that allows a function or a specific object .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  lock   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the database connection .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  enable   get
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the pem file or a backup file containing the given name .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  return true if g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the nt bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more system lines .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   one
truth:  install   python

test:  create and compute the allocations model for an instance .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all subclasses of feature indices .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deprecated task task to convert keys to deprecated .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  null   package
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   change
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test that the coordinate function ensures that the same result as input is a list of image variables .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  numa host objects .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  host   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  fix if the year given the same id as the year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  if data has arr as a real method .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all right expressions .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the windows source key is absent name the name of the certificate to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  replace klein-style version for remote server .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for given doctype .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  returns the current auth keys .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   check

test:  install a mode by port and the request .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  converts environment variables to views .
truth: return query string . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the help version number .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation should be renewed and running as an ordereddict .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   find
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper method to format gcode tabs in the course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert all files in the file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  combines   divisor
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the os x tk variant .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  get   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluate c*x**i of f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  turns   null

test:  checks a numpy array to a float string .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  takes   checks
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clear the regular expression property in the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the user usage .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   case

test:  add source to a single value .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  add   port
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and monitor a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  display   function
truth:  function   function

test:  iterate over affine with a affine image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  iterate   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of the line that has just been imported .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   array
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam access to the corresponding entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager that swallows the zip file to be updated .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  preprocess   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute tris connectivity for sequences .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  extract tests from python python dictionary .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if the config is a valid managed server .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   view
truth:  default   default

test:  returns diff minus vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string from the specified directory .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if string is a scalars list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the fill file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns information about admin password from yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  update   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete existing user existing refresh state .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  token   use
truth:  destroys   null

test:  a factory to grab matrix from acousticbrainz direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get the evaluated photo from the database .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   photo

test:  return a llvm descriptor for the passed descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  check if an email address matches any email require a system .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of svd to a real matrix .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  score classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  authenticate via authentication .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  authenticate   url
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that value is a valid comment format .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive the given email for an email .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  sync   email
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if url is an instance of length chars .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the variant of the training units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a wildcards string of patterns into a recursive model .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  text   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an appropriate response for a given portaudio .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   response
truth:  return   return

test:  as activation function .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the given element name is not a subclass .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the object is memory and if it does not create an exception .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  returns a list of rows .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  url   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation directly .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node information for a node .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device names by id or id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the hash details to the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  update   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a power method to be compatibility because every function to a method of every function to identify the db type .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  expose   replaces
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the control: by the api .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  bench   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an http response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  asserts   art
truth:  attempt   a

test:  given an object or a model_class / appscale and the ip address .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of names of the short group .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  return   log
truth:  find   find

test:  test if the instance state works .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend based on them .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if host is allowed or false if the port can be deployed .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  host   null
truth:  host   host

test:  a fixture providing the test cases for tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  and enqueue attachments if recipients is not none .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  sends   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of size self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace module_globals .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random regression problem with noisy elements .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a new cert c and clients have multiple same way .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  admin view that displays app with showing installer .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  scale the row by given coordinates to a given image .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  threshold   metadata
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to a binary file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of all logging control panel output .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  return   base
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a text file into a sequenceexample model .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  build   build

test:  pad a list of lists .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  null   sequence

test:  order a list of errors sorted alphabetically .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  order   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find reverification-related limit .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator with a table to an action method .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find {expr}return in the set of strings .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data in a given axis file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate a score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   close
truth:  validates   validates

test:  computes the issubclass whose issubclass are equal .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  computes   header
truth:  test   test

test:  element-wise crossentropy between two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  null   generic

test:  this function is called .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic activation function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  return json info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  find the number of slices from a somewhat redirect file .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  null   product

test:  enhex(x) b85 between 0 and floating point .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  returns a bootstrap_formset_errors if it is availability or not .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert all registered items in page to list .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  build the utils correlation matrix for all job tests .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  build   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns the board dependencies of the board archive .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that changes the profiling of the context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the source to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   returns
truth:  index   index

test:  release a version of characters in products note: the version is less than or equal to release in .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  search   null
truth:  return   a

test:  build the filesystem and process data .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  build   openssl
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update basic auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   function
truth:  set   set

test:  take the return value for converting it into a list of extra arguments .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the deprecated arguments are using deprecated .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   null
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a list of module names for the provided list of modules to be escaped in the form tests .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return nice vote or tab of comment lines .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  this function is only used to mark a bug as signal handler .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  is c a scalar function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  is   exp
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the given options and return the parsed arguments .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add a public key to the dictionary .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  display a resource contained in the filesystem .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this view shows the sorted tab for dev and request .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  view   generation
truth:  show   show

test:  read the python source file .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert drange to the given delta as follows: drange proxy-server .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a named attribute .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  adding   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an  string to unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same values in lengths .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns an mostly specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test that we can get a port returns a dict .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  iterate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a convenience method to format .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   return
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure the specified dataset is absent name the state of the state to remove user to show the status code is given as proxies .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  runs the input feature .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  handles   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  handler to logout an api token and logout or logout .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  unregister   user
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking context dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the gcd of a file extension .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   read
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  expiry the certificate to find the certificate in amazon .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  configure   return
truth:  return   return

test:  debug debug function .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  debug   warning
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return the maximum leading matrix .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms instance from the database .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract the data from a file .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as values as values as values as values as values .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if both area and only if the area are tabs in each statement .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  perform a search using the 2 .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of versions from the given version string .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   configure
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  perform name_filter tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  perform   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check if version is installed and the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a ]tz deast timestamp to key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  display a one output .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  capture   one
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fatemans gcd algorithm of a system .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  formats   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  find and push a list of absolute path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a cidr id .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x classes are saved while passing a class .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator for memoizing api calls .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  initialize the package name .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  package   init
truth:  determine   null

test:  the binomial matrix that can be used by catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  creates   a

test:  make a wrapper around devnull .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  make   call
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns the hessian matrix for the autocorrelation covariance matrix parameters type : array non-zero or libsvm group of sigma_hat in a multivariate array .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  returns   statsmodels
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  the user is requested by email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  to   init
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  encode to registered_meta .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  assert   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in profile .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method searches a parent vhd that was the reference is assigned .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a list of all files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   iterable
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a set of properties in a single property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  push subscription to subscription subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all the egg from a directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  return for the given group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the main group of the given triad port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  subscribe   document
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a file matches a exclude .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  take a combined combined upload memory .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  take   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  check if a is a return if the same length as a b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes trivial trivial using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns the first element of the matrix as a matrix .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line pixel .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of groups the provided group ids .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to easily id if it exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} and if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: has sent - need to the context variable .
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  only returns list out of a section .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  make   a
truth:  show   show

test:  enable or disable all yaml mode .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  replace all the provided terms with a valid signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  replace   user
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path where the script is currently assorted into a string .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the string to a notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  convert   register
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs normalization normalization on a directory otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   benchmark
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks the expr has been rewritten -> f(x) arg -> f(x) arg : -x .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  checks if the version of the python 'gitpush--tags' servers is supported .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  if   version
truth:  specified   tag

test:  return the correct unicode path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates the resources views on the *index* .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  a replacement for djangos forwarding and endpoint .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the numba list of all nodes from an entry .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   python

test:  make sure that mixin inspection works okay .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a string is one of the config files .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  if   input
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to declare a method in an original subclass .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  define   null
truth:  null   method

test:  the public and return the model returns the data .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary of subs strings from the given object .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event as an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   interface
truth:  noop   noop

test:  take a list of strings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  take   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  log current logger .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   sql
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  interpret   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  converts a list of parameter values into a dictionary of steps .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the username and apply steps in the current vagrant .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  link   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause the object after the given resume .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  unpause   resume
truth:  resume   resume

test:  read the database units .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  read   a
truth:  string   string

test:  formats a matrix to make a verbose format .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  decorator to ensure that either present or is a no-op .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   check
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  prepare for situation .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given url has html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validate that the column exists and end of a field by name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a trailing line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   indent
truth:  normalize   a

test:  adds a matplotlib command and wait if it currently present .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  nm[[ the current request points of the top and how many __version__ .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  darken   runs
truth:  order   order

test:  list the libraries required by the api .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   display
truth:  list   list

test:  some kind of trace from strings .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for changes to the current thread .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative gradient assuming by applying one or more cumulative distribution .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  get a cache value .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes and the base64 encodes a string format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   name
truth:  compresses   a

test:  extract date/time data from a -24 page .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create db script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   pid

test:  returns a dict of whose config values are publicurl .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a port is debug by the container .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  simple example of how long count is modified on the checkout .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generates the number of probability given a list of probability probability given number of probability probability given number of true probability given number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an instance containing no last decrement back to this object .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the nested tree labels which is a nested tree of the nodes with nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  creates url and resolving from options .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  url   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that float ordinals can be registered .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  renames a directory or from disk .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  clone   try
truth:  run   run

test:  check if path exists by file or directory .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy file or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager for writing special bugs use an apiproxystub .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  wrap   exit
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all certificates .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an expression; command with the latex functions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a backup or a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  joins url view function that can be used with login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets all instance with the null plugin .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of topomap plots .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return true if a cg has already been set .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the macros found in the given path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses the same timestamp string from line into .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   resize
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter list of instructor tasks as part of a course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a character of multiple dimensions in a each axis .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  some patch fails to *function* when a method fails .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich rich node .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this simply return all configuration in the remote os .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  prompts   data
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task that supports contents of the timeout amount .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   task
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get equation each time in the float .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  default   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  create a test object from a file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer flag the url .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  returns a dictionary containing related exercises as keys and values .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fast pickle implementation in pickle form .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   in

test:  notify test function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of all pfx .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  event: unload forwarding .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate before days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional length of a point matched .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   section
truth:  get   get

test:  fetches a public module for the given course_id .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict into a list of key/value pairs .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats newlines to a tuple to formats it to a script and return the result as a tuple .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  possibly debugging for given lhs or list of optional words .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  filtering   create
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  perform   headers
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this view is called by an email address and accesses email after a user .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  send   a

test:  function should only create null strings .
truth: if a . 
test:  getting   add
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a value is true if the undirected or 0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  logs the microversion header for the response .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  log   a

test:  extend attempts to save time to cohort type .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  import   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  return two critical points of a line in installed_apps .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  looks up a resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   console
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url truncate a chain of coordinates .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  verifying   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  call pretty-printing enable this decorator will check if the x-frame-options statement is something directly .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   a

test:  standard temporary directory recursively .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the first literal string into a host:port of entity and port .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that show lines are ignored correctly .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   lines
truth:  end   end

test:  yields a blob for the test completes .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to the paramiko connection and parents off paramiko or another signal .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns true if path has a valid path .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a container and its contents .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   num_of_items_to_keep
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return version from init group in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  the encrypted encrypted varblock file for contexts to the encrypted encrypted key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable character .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  intended   print
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a time span as a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted strings into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add intersections from the loop to the x intersections that may be in a line .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return partition array after one row from array distribution parameters a : int .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wrap the decorated function as an attribute with the decorated function as callback .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  decorate a method returning a typeerror .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   purpose
truth:  create   a

test:  given the request to the default redirect to a standard redirect string .
truth: takes request . 
test:  given   null
truth:  request   request

test:  error handler for dev to resovles .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  template   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  the main page application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  parses a binary file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  load   load

test:  build queryset to build a queryset .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  search   endpoint
truth:  get   a

test:  create a pep link from src and dst using dst link .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns lines from the format marked as a dict .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  check if a directory is actually a base directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of dns dns records from the provided module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  take a iso 8601 entry and return a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  create an open file .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a unique key function .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  instantiate   create
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  construct a cut over the given center and return it .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  construct   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure logging was loaded correctly .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a parameter string of the docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  convert   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test if string can be cast as an integer .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  installing   function
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 rotation matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create the twitter dance token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a string representing date fields as a list of date events .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the named user cli example: .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the vdi and stack it .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  move   move

test:  a convenience function to return a breadcrumb of tagged tuples from a tagged string .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  =   undo
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an given symbolic url appropriate for given view .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  change   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return true if es_urls is actually a test .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the available tag of a repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  take a clsid and get its contents .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  take   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the directory for the current test .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  white the single space line of the <value> whitespace characters .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for camel-case .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   in

test:  make a timeout that can be distance to the given runner .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  update an existing timestamp .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   update
truth:  return   a

test:  create an simple simple simple binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a name for given file prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  scatter the authentication 683 diagram of the passed 683 buffer .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  establish warnings .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  compress   fixes
truth:  open   open

test:  creates url from a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  generate a certificate using an _iteratorbuffer quickly .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys from prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a extra anonymous sql sql representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  walk   convenience
truth:  attach   a

test:  get a list of attributes from instance scheme .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  objects   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast a 2d expression to a function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the create file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   port
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure the primary classes that asserts the supplied child .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  serializing   null

test:  given an initial number of seconds and a timedelta object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   python

test:  sanitize this pwnlib signals .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a cib-file for the specified stonith of the cluster cibfile name/path of the file containing the cib stonith command cibfile use cibfile instead of creating the live cib for
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  request   read
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the datapoints of the connected results in an input plot .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  this method finds all attributes from db .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a users .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  train   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that trailing table object .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return all available updates .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of service that are disabled .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a user is in the mark directory .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  kills   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  point   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the given application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  check if a debug is debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  if user is access to beta .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  formats mail as a django outbox within python code .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  formats   plugins
truth:  assert   assert

test:  kwargs are always work .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  output   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test if an coerce is done .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  run   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if roles are required for builtin sources .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  if   imports
truth:  modify   methods

test:  ensures that otu is found in otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  ensures   convert
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension assignment section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  null   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  load a dataframe into a dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   agent
truth:  load   a

test:  validate the parent of the item corresponding to the given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  raises   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get whether a version is a valid api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the nso package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test functionality for util' -p .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room object .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series inversion expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   p
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  reads a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  download   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when vhds cannot be assigned directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  turns notification state until it is state from hard drive .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   null
truth:  request   power

test:  get preferred cpu usage .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  get   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return a topic name of a operation .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as values as values as values as values as values as values as a dictionary with labels and values
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the alterations python module factories .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  text   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load tornado from the test cases which are not keyed from the test .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  return the application id for the given app .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  called when an error occurs .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  raises   hook
truth:  token   token

test:  temporarily set attr on a particular object to a given object then revert it as thrown when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   check
truth:  check   check

test:  see which vertexes .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that the inline easy correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if element appears to the document .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies exception verify after current date using the provided address .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current hub object .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  return   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verify that a list of lists is not implemented out of the given number of lists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns a string identifying the version of pip cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a module label from the provided module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   import

test:  subscribes a user to an user_id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return a dict .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the destination setting of the destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given a decimal string .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   rgb
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check if we can import module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in subprocess .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  make   null
truth:  call   a

test:  true if elementtree is the elementtree thru if it is unavailable or equal to the penn interface .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an existing axis axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete instance_type information from flavor .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  helper for the through our werkzeug modules and :class:formatter all render_to_response modules to the multiprocessing python root queue .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output as sorted by given package path .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  output   subroutine
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the edgecolor box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   input
truth:  read   read

test:  find the module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loads a template string from the desired app .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the value is not an integer and zero or sort .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  configure gaussian mean for gaussian fishers .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  configure   return
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  update a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  recall   section
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all containers in a text file .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   use
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page from a fname_presuffix source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate json structure .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  generates   encode
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a dict to the networkinterfacespecification object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  help string of writer writer .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  access   display
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  get a user user as an api home with name .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  get   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  start traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  start   remove
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape html characters that escapes the url patterns for use in an oauth-compatible url .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  text   text

test:  test precision trip and round trip when the precision starts at a precision that precision .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  test   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a dict containing the compatible property values .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager that returns a registered 'openedx block transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  test   dataframe
truth:  context   manager

test:  find notification permissions for node settings page .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  find   checks
truth:  return   subscription

test:  get the notification notification type for a user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  search   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the temporary directory for temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a smart block into lines mapping .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  format   format

test:  determine if the cache of the cache update values .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  wait   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the equivalent of this closely architecture .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate with a specific metadata .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if apf exists .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  find the country that matches the required query table .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the mode for the term .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   undo
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group info for the user owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert seconds since one integer .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister published hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns a qpixmap for the given model name using the name copied from django reseller_prefix .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  return available locales .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of plugin names .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  a decorator to skip the unit function to handle arbitrary processing .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  query   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  returns the set of substitution from either a set of substitution or zips .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  declaration_specifiers the game .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a view to handle :func:pyramid .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify transaction grades and configure grade as subsection .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  to   version
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  strips a help help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filter out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return a list of used used by plugins .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  start a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  win32 python dictionary to utf8 .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  set revision to the vcs is supported .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  return   python
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a list of all arr entries for the current cpu which can be created .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem expr minus numlist .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 this is a no-op .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  writes   helper
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return a multivariate polynomial of the ground domain to f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  clean   null

test:  perform the status update on github jenkins .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  format   a

test:  return a query object from a table .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  normal implementation associated with a gaussian distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  reshape   randomly
truth:  add   i

test:  return a ~ increasing range(port_max rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  checks for a function from either a valid selector or error object .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  this view applies the view specified in the dummy view .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  import available languages .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   null
truth:  module   module

test:  return a list of unused 'xmlns' attributes of a node this always work with the unused attributes on the given node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  url   url

test:  turns an ipv6 address representation of the first image .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  uses   validation
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that bad delimiter quote: is found .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain when tnull .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  int int .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  int   null
truth:  function   function

test:  close base64 encoded value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  close   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run a task and write tests to the resulting task .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent a non-ascii tool as html .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct real id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  binary binary search .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   x
truth:  tests   tests

test:  deletes the website from the virtual host or name of the virtual host to delete users users tweets to delete other files that are deleted .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method to get the region metadata for a given phone number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the file in a tar archive are a path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  sanitize gumbel str .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  remove   display
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with a scenario entry should respond with true .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a callback record database record as an unclean instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick the selection statistic .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  pick   pick

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   return
truth:  do   null

test:  disconnect one disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  deletes a vm from the specified controller or summary docs to the specified controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir file name .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  gather gather and databases .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   retry
truth:  null   method

test:  convenience wrapper for desktop .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  displays   functions
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version string for use in tests .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that dependencies are about their dependencies .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  register a function inside a single argument list of functions .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  context manager to temporarily change preferred api .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string - used for testing the connection cli example: .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a routine for unjustified involutions .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   training
truth:  generates   null

test:  downloads a message to the special collection .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  downloads   return
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns the module containing the models defined in the installed_apps .
truth: execute app . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull refs that are compatible out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   salt

test:  shortcut for inits class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with the followers of a device .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  connected   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  given an html snippet .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  given   params
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  a centralized of network in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  null   current
truth:  use   threads

test:  forces email to email if its email address has been changed .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the expected difference between edge-based and cosine .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  takes the given result where the given result is enabled enough .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  find   uptime
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate pairs as an event covariance .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  pairs   calls
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of pairs .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  count   count

test:  test that this function can be used with a valid parameter .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the number of interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt6 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time until the system time is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  this creates a bulk upload objects to a git index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  add photos from another user .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  resolved   update
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  the signal-to-noise kernel * steps of the input represents a tensor .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a isnan() for we will return a deferred dict .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  creates a full url to a matching the common newlines .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  efficiently generate the output size in sparse images .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  output   output

test:  check whether we can deleted on a deletedif user .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  displays   verifies
truth:  calculates   null

test:  download the generated template to the built-in backup directory .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  download   setup
truth:  to   setup

test:  return a cache object from the package registry .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   a

test:  builds the virtual ~ spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  default signal handler .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signals   signal
truth:  handle   a

test:  send typing device to url#worse_is_better seed .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   a
truth:  show   show

test:  converts file path to zip file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  file   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach new volume to an existing volume .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   find
truth:  block   block

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel for the given user .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  output it entry point .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  null   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notebook .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  in python .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  log   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing maximum graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   merging
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse the compositions header header string and return a dict .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parse   dict
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the regular screen .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the string name in the form global filename .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a class object and a blocking compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  compare   dictionary
truth:  get   get

test:  query the input given mapping .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  query   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  retrieve the size for the zookeeper .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   square
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return an instance name for the attributes of a instance which can be used .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively sort nodes by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  split   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the series are returned in the order of their position for the series are returned in the series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dict of subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  break f and returns the type of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  turn a sympy rule into one statement .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  put   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   create

test:  creates a template for a specified user and optionally arbitrary user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  open an audio audio stream which yields a generator for a given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the user found in supported language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  save configuration file into json configuration parameters filename : host or parents configuration file handle .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   create
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision the precision likelihood of a c++14 likelihood .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  compute   directory
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the provided module .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  builds   runner
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate dangerous metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  set the preferred file .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  send   send

test:  fake version of webhook 5 method .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  fake   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a bunch of default archive for a given repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  sets the given shell .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  sets   update
truth:  set   set

test:  execute command .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  execute   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian criterion criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  prints a list of records .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  prints   checks
truth:  null   classes

test:  some pure python source files .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a stack stack .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert the wiki sentiment units to a dict .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   core
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the id of a dependency impressions impressions wrt the actual metric .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  properly format the users .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  function   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that insures default arguments .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  code that runs .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  code   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a set of random 'l'for .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian a list of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  generate a string id of the integer id .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read page into a list of tuples .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  since the test unless password is found .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  null   users
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  computes a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the version number in cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  output   method
truth:  set   set

test:  normal before storing a random prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive function .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  convert a raw instance into a template path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  am   am

test:  print usage messages to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  return a none if the lock supports tags .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  finds   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  take a sequence of items and returns a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert that an error is not a status code .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  initialize and return an instance with quickdeploy .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  initialize   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert positive match the unix number of scalars specified in units .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  merging   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add 2 sorting instances to country .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  add   null
truth:  given   null

test:  render a file in the salt master .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  determine if the element is actually supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  if   gaussian
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator for csm_properties(csm) and instance .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  force   force

test:  converts a string to standard python interpreter .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  return   null
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the debug entry for the entire group .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  sets   change
truth:  set   set

test:  check that how many installed is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return the sha1 spline spline .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   axis
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  establish arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  cleanup   create
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if a given node only have any number of leading elements .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return webapp app the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp in 180 web application cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  handle a catalog or catalog length .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a list of paths for a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove the feeding + beta*neg(x) + signal from the connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show a page status .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  show   null
truth:  if   null

test:  crypto crypto .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  migrate   update
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is a single vector .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billed_ops_list in billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the generated directory is an absolute enough path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a status to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a set of rows .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  project   threshold
truth:  find   corners

test:  get the python object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return an umc container object prepared for editing an existing module .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an event for the instance .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  generate a collection of collection format that started the collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  download   download

test:  performs a new decorated function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  request   null
truth:  routing   area

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  generate a utilization file and converts it to a list of amis .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  an executable using a config file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml key .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two sorted arrays into a single hash hex string .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the right closed information to make sure that the results of closed methods are closed .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from an signals .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   handler
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return items with a mapped dataframe parameters ind: : int labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  used as a function returning an error when the arguments limited to a class which is not a deprecated instance .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  used   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor group(s) from a hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   work
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  make the string version of the version as a string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  function   version
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  command   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  create dask encoding for a list of inputs .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  create   keys
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is an absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the edge of the starting with the edge mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the experiment arguments value of the original item in x .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cleanup the given submissions to the given username .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  cleanup   up
truth:  null   page

test:  gets usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   groups
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the expected text from request .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  when using pytest .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a file path and filter getting a base file from a file .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  returns   http
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  test if it works as a string .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the error code could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  a decorator for common to test objective function 2 and 3 .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  ping pair model class for each model in inputed models .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   tunnels
truth:  run   run

test:  if either a randomstreams variable with probability of 0 .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a url for the given adapter .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of length x .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker agent server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to stdout and exits .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  prints   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of colors in g in the order given by a breadth-first traversal .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of orders that the user can previous config .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes the current datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  access   access

test:  callback function to display authentication by authentication .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  test that "hubble" image can be loaded .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  test   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  given a number of seconds of seconds from the jobs at a time .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using http security authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make standard include path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  like   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the init_declarator_list kind of distortion .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  for the given project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed directories into an image file & push into the entire video file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert an argument to a boolean sequence .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   argument

test:  returns a network driver message .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  list   list

test:  used by the arguments and find the mounted information from the linux distribution .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  creates a sqlalchemy model for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of tuples representing the nearest cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  did   null

test:  construct an ingest object from the bundle of a bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return a directory called clone_dir inside of a directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  authenticate basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  null   helper

test:  test grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if idle is under the os x .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is properly formatted .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of manager objects as a manager that doesnt exist .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  set   up

test:  a safe metasploit characters in a list of characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   target
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view function for authentication .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all xml tag .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   chooser
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns xml dict as ordered by pseudo-random .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  extract   fn
truth:  returns   a

test:  translates a string as an integer within a lowercase lowercase .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  indices   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert continuous potential potential libraries .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  compute   color
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add the given kernel to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send fake packet always return a tcp socket if you want to modify internal arp-cache .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup a string .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the object with no method as a trains object .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure a specific configuration variable is not being used by the attributes provided .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  function   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the click key as an entity .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  the first argument passed to the printing api .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create local socket .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  create   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset ckans against operating systems .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  look   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator that yields a file-like object and a dict of active values .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  time_str the mutant and return the mutant .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  processing   show
truth:  record   record

test:  wsgi function for the application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  return   start
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  makes   -
truth:  return   a

test:  adds f attribute and return a tuple .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  import   a

test:  make a directory inside a buffered .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  make   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restore the global tags for the given treats .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  updates   entry
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   return

test:  return a platform name for python 2 .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return commit without modifying .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  if   null

test:  the restful handler for this file following the provided prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  computes ctc loss notation on each textual element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  computes   multiple
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  get list of all canonical auth auth auth auth keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  search   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  return a dict mapping of gecos field names to the users room .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if the given method is not installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all available blobs .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  match   return
truth:  return   current

test:  swap the proper disk size of linode storage .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  true if attr_name is implemented properly .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  if   issubclass
truth:  null   in

test:  initialize a collection of yaml files from the yaml file system .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a single supported structure of the specified file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the subsequent folders under a folder and return the folder id passed in the folder id and a galaxy if folder is not a folder id and return
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   node
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a wsgi response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   response

test:  return true if x is a scalar or a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  if   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update container stats .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition until 1s is true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  start interface in remote .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  query   update
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  replacement for :owner/:repository .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  poll   factory
truth:  assert   assert

test:  handle *cls* class decorator .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  using   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password using python hash parameters key : the key to use .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of all arp arp interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve a document and check the provided typename .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  updates   list
truth:  null   null

test:  write out private key to the object args: path : the data to the subsequently object .
truth: write out data . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  write   null

test:  return a function that produces the name of the given model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces statement .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a valid url used in an info post locations .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  test all parameters in a model .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining this plugin introduces a game with the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : lparen expr rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  get the value of a given function or a method .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  round   round

test:  transforms a list of expressions to the expression and module .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  cartesian np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  map   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of code[pos] strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  change the string from the configuration and an int .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  change   decode
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the name of this package .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  updates an object from a list of object ids .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  call   call

test:  compute eeg evoked data using evoked evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   interpolation
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  perform repeat blur by offset .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  perform   show
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the node of nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  this handler is used to support the post version of the api .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a dict from the openid .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  build   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all job data from the database .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest hash given in a tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   windows
truth:  find   find

test:  returns initial[u'name'] if the user is first successful .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  returns   control
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the string containing the configuration of the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean up resource_data of each multiline locator .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an array of indices .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  promote   im1

test:  return the recursively copy of the given list of strings .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  bulk all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example string url from a flat list of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return docker repository .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if the url is in the ssh regexes .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test fs font :code:<section> .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  return a template template uri from a "performance" template args: pattern : datetime object to the managers for the fixes .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  list all uri in the uri :return: a uri like: url as a dictionary .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  list   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  select an entry from a 5-tuple .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  read   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  return linear detrending matrix .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  return   x

test:  a wrapper for the container .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that basic input data are ignored by the c reader .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get art art archive from url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   art
truth:  return   art

test:  test that calling and permission use a permission project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the ground distance between two locationglobal objects .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  get all content matching the given app in the given app .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  this is a helper function used to get matrixsvg by the flag to determine the label text type .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  is   things
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for the :class:_propertymixin method and creation by a custom method .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  checks if the user can delete allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether url can connect to translation .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers associated with a given number .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  try to clean codeset encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   null
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  configure the year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  configure   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two exits object .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  converts the number of active fib .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   api
truth:  xml   xml

test:  the system time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  show an soap fault table .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  show   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  return a firewall firewall requires the nat .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  given an networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  given   client
truth:  existing   list

test:  add an setfacl and sha256 email addresses .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the given integral integral by a mest .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   linear
truth:  find   find

test:  write metadata to a 2d file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   null
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove all lines of a block string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return existing album fields for a template .
truth: as above . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list media instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  support   media
truth:  get   media

test:  list the list of paths and return a dict of paths that requires the given host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the windows pids of the windows os modules .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  return   a

test:  get all networks in the given service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   services

test:  test using a regression where and sunish are properly present .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  using   tests
truth:  tests   wether

test:  return dataframe by index .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  get a list of units from the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  get   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  create 405 .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  request   sum
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all locale directories for all resources .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a setting and settings from the minion datastore .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the matrix verbose by a square matrix .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  return   update
truth:  null   null

test:  test source source source utility .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the users entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enforce commands from the unknown server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  merges   data
truth:  return   data

test:  retrieves the content from the service about a service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  safe_peekline -> known_hosts extends a channel extends .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns a oreturn object associated with given id and an address or none .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  queue render user .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  view   input
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate an array of device like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return the rst code in specified format .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  load the default paginated directory and returns a list of the added database .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  load   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  removes double quotes around the given string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  normalize   a

test:  returns a fully qualified input in labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  sets the event in the current image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  sets   verifies
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  decorate decorate partial arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  show   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line with the given semicolon .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  deletes   keys
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse a string out of a python datetime object .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  expects   null

test:  helper method for sphinx a long request .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an html request to the index .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  sends   call
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to use within a given service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  custom custom entities to ignore a bokeh transifex parameters fields : int .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  stream   custom
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given controller is a newer controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   controller

test:  formats a sample string for display commands .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the base of a vector field computed wrt the base frame of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the load events .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens and reads the given closing .
truth: open stream . 
test:  opens   server
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of resource names that contain resource limit .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter out which occurrences of errors from a list of human-readable lines .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the list of points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   pull
truth:  normalize   a

test:  evaluate the proposals on the system as an image .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  draw   search
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  try to test command-line options are returned when displaying a bytestring .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   test
truth:  url   url

test:  add whitespace in a string to a single newline .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  text   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the lvm output of the 2 database .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   get
truth:  run   a

test:  attach to a single transport in a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   updates
truth:  add   add

test:  test whether a file extension .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  verify if an object has been verified .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  run service via service .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the html or vary number of vary headers .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the number of 'date+%s' date .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  an error raised by traversed .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get config data key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node from the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes an iterator over a iterator of iterator by the first item in the iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  do   s
truth:  return   return

test:  detach the subnets of an elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  request   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  a pickleable for lowering .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively convert to dict .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  cache   target
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex string *s* and convert it to a hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   color
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  a decorator which automatically stores the user to do the actual page .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary of md5 hash of a given hash algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes score of size when sparse matrix is used in sparse matrix .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  score   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a sqlalchemy ipv4 or string of n as value .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  parameters data : str the release-specific object and wait until it does not be read .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available attribute monitor sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send the vehicle duration of the specified duration vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  null   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  it should test if pip is listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  norm init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns list of unique index in the given column .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that css are the only choices with the last choice .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  set all the collector and start all the __commands__ value .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  set   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if f is constant in a positive way .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  look   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parameters published threshold model .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  null   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the most availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a able to load the data as a fixture .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all dns dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local config key dicts .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  update   a
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  run app .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  does   null

test:  formats an infinite "{}mustbeoftype'{}'" which will be updated into the specified plot .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  sign   templates
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dictionary of topojson from the output .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fiff file as a list of datetimeline tag .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading whitespace from each line in the format .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   text
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest children .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email when a new email is posted to a new one .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of obj as methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  serialize a string to a list of strings .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  serialize   s
truth:  return   return

test:  given some folders .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert all valid html characters in dom to an voltage string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  convert   windows
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches or runs the gui or runs the gui configuration file paths and runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  return the type of params['id'] utf-8 begin parameters for the given vm .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the targeted output of openbsd player the function called by openbsd .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  return   search
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a maximums keys to the ssl key in a given certificate .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  define   null

test:  generate a list of paths to user-provides and the nested branch path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  to   title
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if ruleitem expr | ruleitem | ruleitem minus if ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  return the auth of the schedule .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies *func* attribute changed from an object and overriding descriptors .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   sets
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests whether softmax distribution represents a softmax operator .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  given   null

test:  render a template in the currently set context .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  render   view
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all commands for the html document .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  return a dict describing grains as grains .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns first element in which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes all unnecessary entities from an html string .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  command line from the management .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  command   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown characters of text .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  text   text

test:  a decorator to require the function to be a test .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the given container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  open a given stream .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator for tests that use the given function under which the top of a method .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  add log messages to the database .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  log   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of paths read from the interface data .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  run current process in dev process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an user under directory .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   create
truth:  if   check

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but deletes the sorted list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  test   scan
truth:  scans   null

test:  wrap the history level .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  wrap   helper
truth:  test   initialization

test:  return true if vim contains a valid dependency pattern .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  calls   function
truth:  return   return

test:  run python list in python .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  test   search
truth:  run   python

test:  return the file state of the expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return date with the given locale and time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  get all default extension in the given default .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from negatives dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the reliability of a directed graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns all deque base index of a list of nodes .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a cabal package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to acquire a synchronous method in executor as parameter .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert dpid in a dpid into user .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the path based on the attribute of the attribute .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  formats an iterator of length n from size n times .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  expr   print
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module given its name or id .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string of the current column .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness and apply for a given distribution .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the cycle of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate a cookie object for enum enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  broadcast   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers the default attachments of the class .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key beginning with a loop which has been later .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a helper function for computing the similarity of a square median is of the two samples .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sum of matrix elements in sparse matrices .
truth: computes np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most free free ports in the list .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  count   count

test:  helper function to get the purchase and systems from the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a provided category is one of the supplied category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns html value for each keyword character with random whitespace removed .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  parse the converge port has the same interface as the name .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  reshow   calculate
truth:  register   register

test:  group statistics over the given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  invoke   dict
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  get all the first and return the data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  doctest   function
truth:  function   function

test:  add assignment from host file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is present in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test ask with local context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random lines .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance tag .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only load this module if the mysql systems is installed .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  analog analog model for emr high functionality .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a path to the django project directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   null
truth:  file   file

test:  deprecated function .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  verifies   tag
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   nth
truth:  extract   null

test:  set user based on given permission .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  context   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the global image location for which the file is present .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   function

test:  check for git .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as deprecated from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a handle containing the initial status of a particular task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  add 2d rl_backward_char .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   create

test:  determine the active instance of the django instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common globbing fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  check if the value is known .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the gauss-hermite wavefunction statistic for an expression with gaussian person .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the gl functions .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  output   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  convert from user to new email address .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get the notification query for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get items from a snippet snippet as a dictionary .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  process   json

test:  run all of the provided test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  run   run

test:  no python program should fail the shell tool directory to set .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  change   add
truth:  set   set

test:  check the eelif from the request provided by comparing the given flavor instance .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  reverse function to log and return a set of responses that is made to the request .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  resorts a list of the string alphabetically .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete nictag users from the specified users parent directory .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   load
truth:  delete   user

test:  merge pairs of series into a single list of source nodes .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  merge   generate
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a tree string as a list of relation .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the number of csr you are running in base .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   minimum
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v edit mode .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test the trainer .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the generalized kernel of a kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  computes   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  check the results of an instance .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the ce ce precision .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  attach a response to the api .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove events that match the last line in a list .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   line
truth:  remove   lines

test:  dump default style objects .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  acts   configuration
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a teacher contents of the given image .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  serve   return
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove examples from the filesystem files .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  remove   print
truth:  errors   errors

test:  pass in the package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  package   package
truth:  to   attempt

test:  attempts to format an formatter file from recipe .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  dwindle   data
truth:  file   file

test:  get the accounts after the given accounts period .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   function
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase activity user for each purchase .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime to a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the version of a postgresql version .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a partition header and return a tuple .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints and returns the current metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   handler
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is deprecated .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a method decorator for caching waypoints .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search queries for references: .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  search   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  solve an arbitrary string for a complex homogeneous vectors .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   subscription
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  same as hex color as hex string .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a tensor with zero level of the specified ones .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  function   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dict of labels of the values of a given model labels .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  test if the current machine is reported .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  null   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  general function .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the version of the combined version string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a protocol by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if the given datetime is before seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if links are found in the given model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that application description is a valid application description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  value   value

test:  extract a list of fields from a tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  unregister   returns
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the crop directory as outputs .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the first element of the given freebsd character in ordering of postgresql .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  test creating qdatastream api -e from multiple :math:varphi_j .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  insert   calculate
truth:  make   null

test:  returns boolean true if x is a *write* object .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  flag   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a json representation of an ssh token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection object .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses the first precision and returns the first cache key .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  store   sets
truth:  get   precision

test:  the fast cost .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the credible strength of x by a chain in x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  add development environment variables .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  log   import
truth:  run   run

test:  retrieves the configuration object for the given config file .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if the term is an instance of a term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an int to signal array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a matrix of two different keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  returns   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  view decorator for pagerduty configuration files which makes any composer that was returned in an sls resource url .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  view   set
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a docs notation to a docs with a docs namedtuple docs and values .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  add   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  import content in lowercase .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  import   users
truth:  loads   null

test:  update the timeout settings for http timeout commands .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  called   update
truth:  set   http

test:  sets the lock in the redis thread .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and return the address .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on debian systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  consider the entire component call .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  opens   read
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  export the plugin .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  performs   export
truth:  import   a

test:  formats a number or none .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  gets a network model for validity using a given network .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return a list of lists as supply .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   in
truth:  combine   null

test:  return the defined cpus of the defined appscale engine application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a 'packagesite url from a file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  replace   server
truth:  remote   remote

test:  converts any given object to a float .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  helper function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() to the escaped sequences .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  accepts filename and include_self to truncate .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a sequence is in the same order .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  step   copy
truth:  if   check

test:  get memory information from group .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi rgb string .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  given   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts from hex string to hex escape sequences .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef namespace['namespace'] object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  try to get an rgb background image from the figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  scales   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  routes   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around outside the unicodedecodeerror method with the same arguments as outside of the widget .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  null   html
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full array of given shape with the given dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for retrying menu .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  increments   a
truth:  create   a

test:  i have been modified because i think this model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generates and returns migrations in the clifilters .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a mutable spaced spaced points for n and numeric n times .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  return currently installed app representing the git environment .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic method .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  execute the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a tuple containing the fully 'unknown-%s' version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   format

test:  run a job on the given job id .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  uppercase an openid request .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add loops from a given loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render urls in the browser page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  restful crud alert for the alert - all alert in a resource - make .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  runs a list of []label data in the []label .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up after the stubs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  do   null

test:  returns of class by name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  test for pairwise comparisons of proportions for pairs of proportions queries .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  read and return the data[len data accordingly with the git level .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order linear differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   calculate
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorate to detect test classes .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a random integer part of the first image .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an int to base 36 string .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an no if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  format a list to html .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  format   value
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the given time .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  to   method
truth:  click   click

test:  decode the first argument code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  check if this function has been initialized by a user .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the maximum of the maximum array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns first fairness of number workers from experiment when looking at least one point number .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  using   null

test:  deletes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read author text .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  update   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reads html contents that appear in the specified url .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  write data to the specified .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  write   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  skip to get a schema from the hashes method .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  determine if all items in a prime number is composite or not .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the script prefix for the current thread .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a treewalker text from a 2d image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make predictor vector with boto_kinesis axis .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert the packets and values of the key containing a list of their key .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  create   a

test:  configure the container level classes .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  configure   api
truth:  declares   null

test:  create flowgrams .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  function   a
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  returns true if the user has a service .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  send   send

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent all spaces in single space .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   text
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  returns a list of names are names of the node list .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts the integer .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the secret token from the environment hash .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict outputs outputs the contents of each record in a particular field .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  is   null

test:  disable a step instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  change   change

test:  retrieve all actions that have been downloaded into a dictionary .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the start and expiry requests in the given datetime .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  test various time issues .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  time   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  assumes   database
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the properties of the specified type specified .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  check that nt imports correctly clone .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the given members as base64 .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  extracts   null

test:  build out the arguments for assume use by invoking api .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  define a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  define   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set a palette with matplotlib matplotlib .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the list has basepath in basepath order .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  replacement for a given module into a ip .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  the point should be treated if the point is before this method .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of all items in the original order .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  send dataframe for dataframe dataframe groups .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  verifies   attempts
truth:  if   test

test:  checks whether the given object is trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  computes the latin search parameters from a order .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary containing the truthy values in course; .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of head and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the keyboard behaviour of the keyboard behaviour of the keyboard *example:* *example:* *example:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this role in
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check whether it is a working directory .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  installs   metadata
truth:  short   get

test:  contrast or disable attribute not currently-selected .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate memory indices of indices needed to calculate the memory offset .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  calculate   reload
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given coordinate system .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run windows tests when its running partition .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the ordered dict for instance as ordered by instance .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a symbolic link that will be used with the arguments passed into a list of the form arguments .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  look   null

test:  return the cumulative quadrature [1]_ independent of the first kind .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  running   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string from a jinja url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  converts   a

test:  converts a path from a template at the specified element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate encoding for g parameters g : string encoding a networkx graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  format lines containing all lines in a binary string and return code as a bytestring .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  format   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  generate a random user name .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates entropy interpolation need to write a list of entropy .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   find
truth:  generates   null

test:  return an error in the postgres server .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  call   a
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a process and return false if it conditional to the given action .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  call   call

test:  run pep8 on a databases repository .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  run   pep8
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  executes command line options for .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known users for which the source is reporting .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse request header and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  concatenate the first location of n .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  iterates   up
truth:  if   check

test:  show details .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sure the given string from parent work in a list of text strings .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect objects with objects recursively delete partial objects .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  support   force
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a path to the gcs components in an gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  support   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the gcd of p as p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used to execute the default command line .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a list of urllib to a list of list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  convert   policy
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing text from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check if available and return } are available .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  check   templates
truth:  return   return

test:  the sample function of even elements of the list at inverse samples by the given list .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  short size .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  split a names as expecting .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   app
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  generate a unicode string representation of the path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if x and y is a sql magic function .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  simple color tuple of hex color to hex color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize wrapper for the abi records that yields multiple survey body .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return a list of time zones to which a phone number belongs .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check if frame is equal to file .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a list of files in a given find path .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that tests the decorated function where overriding of a stack .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the mac adapters for a network adapters .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   display

test:  helper for _group_ranges .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  null   p
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a query object from a query query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  generate key by moving average implementation to the specified set of properties .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  decides   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a simple parser for content-type values .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario manager should respond with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  puts   call
truth:  having   a

test:  return the email status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove common and trailing kb lines .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  function   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the field is return false .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template dictionary from a template or a numpy array of extra fields .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a field fields that can be used as a field and a first form will be passed as a field in a field .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  test that playback rows for bad output .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  test   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 vertexes .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  add   circle
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  returns either the string or encodes a valid unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  returns   case
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the at the end of the given module in the watch module .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return the connection information from a user .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  sets   connection
truth:  string   string

test:  parses byte between several duplicates and flags of fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  formats   converts
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test that "text" image can be parsed into their order .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   test
truth:  result   result

test:  returns the explorations of recommended ids of the given user_id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test last estimate of stockwell works .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  update available sync dependencies of the "add .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  assign   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  a decorator factory to display for client_dir .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  provide flat aborts .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  fixture   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  merge rnumstr trying to drop the result of git section .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  merge   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  checks if the line number for a line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  generate   find
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a 1-sized .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the provided argument separator for use in a encoded string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  escapes   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   return
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  given a sqlalchemy sqlalchemy record for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  this creates a vbd and returns its created by the vbd table .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  check the given function .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  null   method
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an ordereddict containing the definition of the dct header .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts that the specified condition is a message or optionally a message with no parameters .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  is a certain music and a against one of more than one .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the platform data directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  decodes   current
truth:  given   null

test:  test the list of errors .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes the exceptions .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a tuple of control numbers in the range [0 .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats estate : none the name of the target vertices by the current process .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  check if items are created and no album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the filesystem reading of the current interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the number to a number or a float .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the permutation for a permutation of n n .
truth: return base . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  base   base

test:  reload environment variables .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  transform special chars in subject to have only one line .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a list of tuples into basic samples .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the type of the object and the message in obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach chuang by chung-yao problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a their common function bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables for a function .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  returns the directory containing which the device_type python program .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  filter out the given scheduler .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  index .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  clear   rule
truth:  run   a

test:  return true if prefix is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is newer than 7 is newer than 7 .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  log a flushes root directory .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   task
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the total distance from the os distribution .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  return the multiplication of x as a square matrix multiplication .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  return   create
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all of the projects that we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to generate a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to reset the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates bson mapping for <ins> .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  version of check_output which does not throw error .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo to a classmethod .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  change   change

test:  return slicing data matrix based on the new shape .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  transform   work
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete a image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute greatest and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  handle   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  creates a url for the specified suffix .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given number of op to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   set
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a standard acl header string with the shuffler acl encoding and the received acl .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the absolute module specified by a string .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   a
truth:  github   github

test:  returns ancestor at tables .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator for django test classes .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sample ids sorted by sorted alphabetically .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  objects   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  get true if any of the yubikey targets are targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute metric for the carbon plaintext protocol .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  compute   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a time .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random global random number generator .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  return   a
truth:  be   null

test:  hyperbolic transformation of two points .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class as a policy type .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  returns a string or a quartic instance .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  check if the given string is a valid vorbis finite if the internal ports .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the object ami to csv files and return the appropriate for the api .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 raises an exception .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculates html5 tags and subsequently output of the local local local local local local tags .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   build
truth:  return   arguments

test:  get the extension or list of a given controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for views .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if a number is zeros for the specified number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a csr and return a certificate request .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  certificate   return
truth:  does   null

test:  formats the value in the given task state .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets the child of the first node list .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  like   like

test:  return string representation of the series/index that each element in f .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute a list of polynomials .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates the url to hook into social auth backend .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign multiple positions to a list of strings .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   formatting
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return inverse integer .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an expression with a hide tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return a list of users that are valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   add
truth:  perform   a

test:  flag documentation of two terms .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  alignment openid_form: .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  authenticate   return
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the whitespace in a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to one block .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the headers to the cache .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  object   add
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns a random course seed .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enables a server:port member to a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  configure whether a numpy matrix is enabled .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  get   get

test:  populate the volume date fields for the volume metadata .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  init   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list sql statements for all available updates .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  list   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validates if value is a valid email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turns a phenotype file into a nice dict .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load on posix-like systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  great sitewide routine .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  point   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a list of named tuples .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  return requires the key and values from a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect the service instance of a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  clone a new plugin or just clone for the specified datacenter .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  show the value of the specified value in the given category .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  processing   display
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  convert the attribute paths to the top *choices* for the given node .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  make   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return for a specific html with a name of the base os .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode json object to json so that it can be embedded in javascript .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  output   output

test:  return a named row and display a named database .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  return   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying cache from data file returns a single cache object .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  calculate all file name of the package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for a configuration dictionary .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  do   subprocess
truth:  null   section

test:  quote a homogeneous string in double quotes .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns for error messages in error format .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  return   text
truth:  print   print

test:  load a tree by the specified filesystem path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds distance from a node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   cluster

test:  get the number of individual chapters in the calling chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  release   a

test:  move the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  decode   stop
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates the keyname file and prompts commands to stop cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  runs   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  get the current cache settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the scenario module .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  quote non-ascii characters as suggested by urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract the directory at this working directory .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete all existing image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  function to be called when script is like it is ran .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shows all alert related functionality .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a python beacon header into a response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  recursively remove the currently selected api and removes the checkout as a generic .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  factory filter for value in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if places is valid .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  build static output with webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  build   build
truth:  install   install

test:  test if full table is not implemented and always returns true if any data back for full access to the database .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  set index of the model without sure the model is the servers view .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  index   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the directory exists .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   null
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  merge code into backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete the .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   salt

test:  program base64 program parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user as entities .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filter .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   -
truth:  filter   filter

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake site-packages directory .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class for child lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the input pool .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the directory for a particular module .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the intercept difference between two points .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameter: string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   urls
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a unique path in the file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  run a line and write it to the given key=val .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  run   prints
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main program .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  null   point
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the genres into a list of term args: kwargs: kwargs : an integer number of term to return returns: a list of term document dicts example: .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a group of sequences .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   convert
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete yank and input: from less than the end of yank .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  test   click
truth:  run   run

test:  compiles all instances contained in file-like object with the given data to arr .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  clears   max
truth:  write   a

test:  the inverse of a single user use the revision in behalf .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  py2 hash < 1 .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  callback for comparing two organizations statistics into yaml we have a enable/disable/stop tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get linearly corner /my/path distribution .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   corners

test:  return the string corresponding to the corresponding percent input input .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   variables
truth:  returns   returns

test:  i]if : token | left .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  get the pid of the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  constructs   returns
truth:  process   process

test:  return the class specified by a string name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the directory .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and convert the input type into a dict .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the oauth2 draft .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the shapediags laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the suffix of a string is the suffix of the suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  check   url
truth:  function   function

test:  return the condition in the dataset .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  turns do not losing into the exception .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the currently active string or the global application if no formatters application .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the given region of the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a cache device(s) from a cache set to the cache set .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg and greater than freebsd 10 .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text to text and return text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  text   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  update the specified uris project names .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command on a additional arguments .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if obj is text .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  test worker capability in python session .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  test   color
truth:  make   null

test:  extract libraries from path .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list images belonging to disk via pagerduty .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator that creates a function calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  detect if the value is greater than or equal to a given formats .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes all temporary files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  computes the string (gpu of the message .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the first relative relative paths in a resource relative to the given path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the fact from the past group .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  a replacement for the memory factory .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  stream   decode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the real client of a file given its attachment or multipart the real course_id directory .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return a dictonary centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   permutations
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launch git branch if not active .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  authenticate   branch
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert answers answers to a wxpython of answers answers to .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the squarefree weighted distribution .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  helps   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the user specified in the populated .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  get the egg from path object .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current thread .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  given an aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the maxdishes portion of the square root array .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   windows
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   null
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that zero payload cannot be created .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate batch group of target decode .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and load it in use as python parameters rep_doc : none name of load returns command in json format .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a pickle integer and  into a human readable format .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a random string of length 0 and return a list of lines with the percent .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   update
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the apcaccess module if the os is enabled .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  set   work
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns captured representation of yaml data .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  requests   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a standard string of the mean of each nonstandard point .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  moving   compute

test:  return an :class: .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test pip .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  returns snapshot file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  return a random item in the table .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  flatten a tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  is   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  block the connection to the selected connection .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  block   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   milestone

test:  check if the required virtual machine is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  return   set
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates basic iterables in the iterables model or a list response objects .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host its associated host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a input sql query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the cli example: .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using fetchmany / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fix a decoder of xml line .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  _eprocess an old search dictionary .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   use
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the key string from an entity kind .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  internal routine for internalerror which always returns the ec2 object for suds .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  return the current sms version string .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   a

test:  sample from now application .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export previous createdproject .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  check if the file in the given version number has the version number .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read source table from a column .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  returns the db api key for the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  db   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that a supervisord id is a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  validate that value is a valid integer .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the attribute for the collection of a collection of the fields .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  select   null

test:  return list of all available updates from the mac address .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  make   connect
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if player raises runtimeerror .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   update
truth:  count   count

test:  require the existence of the session .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  reads the raw ip address of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the set of both kernel and optional u'read' to a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  reads   null

test:  testing the scenario 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create a generator from a thread .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  mill the carving of a gcode file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the name of the directory .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dict of profile details of a username .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the timestamp for the current request between all block symbols and 1s .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the exit code found in the console or pushes .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  recursively walk an absolute path and all directories for path .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  prepend   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  returns the coercion registration for tabs livestreamer vhost to the given course code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  look   null

test:  as a list of clauses and a string into a sequenceexample list of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return model statistics of comparing unique foreign node .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  bootstrap   create
truth:  null   a

test:  test plotting of raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   i
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  yield indentation spaces in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  test that distances can be done by views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert relative base64 encoded data to a numpy array .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  create   html

test:  generate full .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute output length of a convolution operation this function computes the axis length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  output   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the return the number of the factorial function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a python object into a cookie header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the lhs is from the ports domain name .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if all plugins are currently installed .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  display page of addon page .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  outputs   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert theta in d-dimensions coordinates to gaussian .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tests heterogeneous application from updateable functions .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  drops browser after the database .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course structure matches the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a string .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines if the referrer should be allowed .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that topic can be parsed as a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instanceactionapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  push   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  get the loop of the channel zone inside the channel zone has the updates .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a class that is called by the arguments passed to calculations .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  filter out the word and a file .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  renders a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the last modification time of a file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  add a canonicalize object using astropy .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  upgrades   attribute
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers a region value to generate the module name .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   function
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  ensure   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  ajax document to display a linked document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  view   create
truth:  list   list

test:  convert the given items to the associated dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   entry
truth:  converts   a

test:  ckan -> a polynomial of chebyshev polynomials .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  wrapper to generate wrapper from src to universal .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write the .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   data

test:  check for an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  email   email

test:  get all the stock options .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  show   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon discovery platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka object to the minion .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the number of booleans in an int .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a line from a basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the appropriate resource object from the given resource location .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets current user timeout on the request .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  adds   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz releases as a dict with a release key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return first number of positive integer n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks only if the project is running by project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate empty slices for a single dimension shape by the given function .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the first and port .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 str or unicode string to utf-8 if value is unicode .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  formats a string as a unicode string .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  imports and environment variables for page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  function   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a corpus iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   return

test:  if the model with an old 1 .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  export the specified patches as summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   components
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an object to s3 and invoke from s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   create
truth:  upload   a

test:  set the pyrax information on response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  return a user object for a given user id or anonymous class .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return interactive shell banner banner in both namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  import   sets
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the composer from the main station .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  null   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the module from the datastore .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a slice .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  return   entries
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   keys
truth:  delete   character

test:  concatenate the parameters of a list of parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  concatenate   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  a cache selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  memoize   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert input input variables to given image or db_property .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   convert
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   verifies
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compute a theano tensor variable where a tensor is a sparse matrix .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  take   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a castra to a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the next hypertext hypertext from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the module path of the given path .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   path
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build an appropriate error message from a given network and expected settings .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   test
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the name and user is a string .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the language code for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  copy text to text and pelican file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   lines
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a git path without exponents to a specified ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that forces a view only if the response object .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a special html snippet that may contain unicode characters .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  template   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get a registered environment variable in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the matching metadata as none .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create the subtitle root directory .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a single text into a string and a list of words .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  convert   actions
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  common place function for getting a command .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return the alloc of the given node only used to represent the base alloc .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  join   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if inotify file descriptor is properly a properly relative to the specified inotify file name .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  converts   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  shutdown tornado with privileges .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  token   undo
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns the xml tree of the given xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  find   a

test:  format a json representation of json object .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that an images is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   find
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url from the same url as relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  the closest tuples to tup: decrementing by tup .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any contents of the enabled files .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the eu interpolation of a numpy ndarray .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders created by the folders created by the request .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator factory for the right event loop .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  iterate over all enabled converter endpoint through a dynamic list and a dynamic key .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a sumo sumo url .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  null   locale
truth:  make   null

test:  return the owner with given owner .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   connections
truth:  convert   convert

test:  if numeric or not an index part of shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  if   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the user supplied identity or the identity database .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require several conda packages .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if the current user is supported by the given name or supported extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   extension
truth:  null   method

test:  sets whether or not repository settings is running .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  change   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check if distances are different .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  reading   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  encodes a python int as hex string .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a partial fdel fdel implementation for a geos fdel .
truth: like @property . 
test:  results   a
truth:  like   like

test:  given a course_id id .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal graph of length p consists of length p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if and only if the cookies module is logged in .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get url and handle beautifulsoup .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  uploads   method
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  find a resource in an already exists .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  find   unicode
truth:  get   a

test:  read the latest certificate file and return a asset certificate .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  read   null
truth:  do   null

test:  the given object model instance .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract the given zip member into a given zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the named virtual host is absent name the name of the target to remove login if it is absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a mapping of contents in some cases .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path to the mock neighbour path .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   create
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix and its vector3 .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a string representation of the given string as unicode for a1 .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  list all available datacenter ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   images
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure the named vm is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test that model installation for easier uploads .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  return   test
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a source string into an page_title_breadcrumbs list of arguments and the appropriate arguments .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  convert   task
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  only encode the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  join   convert
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that the completion is cleared .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   check
truth:  url   url

test:  test if a mock response is a httpresponsebadrequest response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the data url for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a function asynchronously .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the standard deviation of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for delete functionality to work with no directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote an item with a 2d int .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  undo   windows
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  whitespace normalization: - lines in a block of text .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  text   null
truth:  string   string

test:  update an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  update   update
truth:  show   status

test:  the converter converter is not implemented in one of the last update .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return the argument will be read in the future .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the total gpu size of the input .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for writing default values from an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a named file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure @roles defined in a list of hosts .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a appears from a file .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute 2 .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  computes   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions that are scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  compute univariate vector of univariate spline parameters r[k]return : array-like coefficients of weighting .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  searches for program found in the given directory .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  searches   path
truth:  find   program

test:  method factory .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether locale is currently used by this locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  to   try

test:  determine if the class is an instance of mro .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  if   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and the course_id code id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from prefix and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if filename has a valid filename: file .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the id of the system temporarily work in it .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  check   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  display the current python version information .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to seconds .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  change broadcast content to new exit .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  change   null
truth:  view   view

test:  transform x to the math of the row .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get networks memory usage by name .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  get   changes
truth:  allocate   null

test:  it would fetch list of milestones completed by namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  create a number of tableau[ strings from normal degrees .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate style loss between target and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   default
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function so it gets turned into one .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  build an tool shed tool to the path for processing .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  returns a formated representation of an exception .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  view   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return if values collide and numeric array are same .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  if   graph
truth:  return   a

test:  return partial next source code .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   return
truth:  content   content

test:  parse code or update lines of iterable spaces if the output of all indentation is given .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  code   properties
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample from desired sample coefficients .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  resample   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read bti bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   fiducials
truth:  read   read

test:  a raw json for a large counting .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print usage error messages and exits .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  usage   print
truth:  error   error

test:  generate an iterator over the cumulative sum of n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dict of the default parent setting is last modified version .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute the widening centrality .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: some "printu'\\u default-holding .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  clean up inventory .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  return   return

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the object is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request that is the current request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   read
truth:  makes   a

test:  check if a uri matches a uri .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a byte to a ordinal string of item or a list of int representing ordinal .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   quote
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general python script .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  return   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  split the markdown central urls into markdown and return html for option .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  using   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  use a function to exit with critical .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  use   a
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  perform a spec]elif .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all failed data from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function ensures that existing model as a reconstruction .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  generates   text
truth:  show   show

test:  attempts to add a sigma_hat to a list of error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure replace on mac address exists .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask the server .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the qr interval of an object .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the iqr for intermediate interpolation of a on-times distribution .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   item
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper around safe for max_rows routes .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current defined mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of all services that owns the file or directory and states cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a host string to a list of strings .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install dependencies of which urllib .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   calculate
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  check whether a recarray item is valid .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  given the first api stream in the provided data .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parse given encoded string into a dict with the encoded timestamp and then a composite task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  disable the comprehension or optimizer .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  content   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the unicode object corresponding to a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  guess   guess

test:  use the given commits to select commits from a list of commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  use   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install the package to be able to look up after installing from the context .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  install   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   calls
truth:  restart   restart

test:  show matplotlib package name .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   display
truth:  to   helper

test:  tests if the name is a valid remote string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of tuples in a list of tuples .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  format   a

test:  setup the maximum backup of the backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  fetch   number
truth:  sets   up

test:  install the latest app for the application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  null   helper

test:  parses an event from a utc character .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  given   null

test:  add or all sin**2 in cg .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  add   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list of queues currently being able to get tasks .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about the specified server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  return   log
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  takes a string and converts newlines to oneline .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  check if python is installed and port is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  flips join join for decoded fields .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  record   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  return the path of the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a logger with the name of a logger .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  commit commit datasource .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  github   github

test:  compare old agree .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a phyloxml .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  is   null

test:  chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get all python blocks which have due to this user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check barcodes of a matrix .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to call a function as a public api .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   func
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class for py2 & py3 this code is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm structure from the numpy array format .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   map
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve 30 encoded base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the python tests for the provided module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an existing directory to the list of watching xml file .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return whether the current site is enabled for the request .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mimic the requested 8601 devation at least one element .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  blocks   window
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  same type as str .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path matches the system patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  add application to the given application .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  writes special quotation to the writer file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  get value from either a pair or the username .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   session
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the vlan id .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests whether a provided date is in the single start date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  null   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot of a disk image and update it .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a gff/gtf attribute and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs found .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a dict to a dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  print   a

test:  convert the repository constructor to the build directory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the kth distance between two ndarrays of a and resizing .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert a works and carbon design .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   primary
truth:  list   table

test:  compute the custom completions .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the timezone of matplotlib time zone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a request object based on argument .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete an instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  initialize a single teams repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a forwardingmapping formatted string .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new content-type revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  create   a

test:  return list of standard order for the specified order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   plot
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets the dataset metadata for the current dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be initialized .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a occurred notification from the corresponding occurred configuration .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  format kinds for kinds .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  format   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  handle a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize wrapper for the abi records that yields multiple survey body .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns the number of all databases cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  save   null

test:  prints a list of markdown scripts .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  prints   text
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits a path or a list of path by its path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a node .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  import   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  do not have negative cursor .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  finds   participants

test:  show a color or kill chooser .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns true if n is a positive integer or even if it is a positive integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  if   function
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a string representation of a given input type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function that returns a path relative to the given prefix .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  strip path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a list of entry from an iterable object .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  convert replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  convert   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  gets a string representation of the provided text to retried helper for elasticache even if the current context .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  delete chkconfig service is defined in /etc/init .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the input parameter labels .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check if the graph is a 'over .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  if   a
truth:  error   error

test:  given a list of list of '%sisnotalist' .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  given   ids
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a duration to a timedelta object .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  determine if there is a repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the state of the collections in incremental .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  update   sets
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   resource

test:  return list of multiple servers which are start of the server .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  text   set
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin allows you to execute a description .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  null   null

test:  define define binary .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   binary
truth:  define   null

test:  a pre-hook for the subclass .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  extracts all desktop icons based on user provided cache .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  sets   property

test:  this connect that the daemons xml file .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  injects   updates
truth:  connect   connect

test:  turn a blaze sentence into a multinomial algorithm .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  return a link to the :meth:path class via a trace .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of a complex polygon if the image is the keras b .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the pager name in the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  open a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  read in the configuration file and return the corresponding unicode object .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with pkg installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  run docker docker docker docker for given docker packet .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : minus expr | list "=" expr | expr gt expr | expr | expr | expr gt expr | expr gt expr | expr ne expr | expr
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  hide os-dependent root directory for the given filename .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  installed   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if minc is available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon aws id :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy source file into a file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  source   url
truth:  file   file

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate a value for a mongoreplicasetclient containing one of the value .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the maker fractions k .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for displaying a single view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  called   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  show the fake calls to enter the given args .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  show   use
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap node for the given interval .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   run
truth:  build   build

test:  creates an fieldexpression from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   field
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  draw a plot .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  draw   color
truth:  plot   plot

test:  add an error to the receive server .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  request   a
truth:  send   send

test:  enable or disable available service to start at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if name is a 'ufixed .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  if   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  strip any torrent occurring from pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  strip   return
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test the header of the row represented by the given row or a buffer of the header line and op .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  ask   dict
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an absolute path for the directory named mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  extract sign .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a pip .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns the original module name for the specified vm name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar output .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   properties
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  return image checksum that this provides a pair of image visibility .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  checks if server fails .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  function   assert
truth:  start   a

test:  stream" edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  tells program to finish and sleep until the given elasticsearch is valid .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  stop   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  split a header parent estimator .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  split   node

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the unlink_identity setting for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the full matrix by given matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  code   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk functions match the on-disk file extension .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first timeout function .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the docs suite for the given module .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a processnode with the given function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  load a single zip file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to be updated at the given operation .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of bytes_length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 string as a single dot .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an entry in the current request .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the daily version of the user object .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   get

test:  creates an exception and returns an existing exception .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  creates   items
truth:  null   null

test:  task tasks for instructor instructor category .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   get
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed from place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the model label for the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of length - built-in if it exists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  return the escaped html content based on markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the byte string representation of bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for the provided collection .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a rdbms database instance according to the current instance as an ec2 engine or database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for expected values for expected and their corresponding scale with their corresponding scale .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project to use for remote .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  gets the valid credentials in the provided module and raise .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  gets   authentication
truth:  get   credentials

test:  make a service call to the given service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple messages .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sending   endpoint
truth:  sends   a

test:  test %reset rgba indices of given expression with duplicate elements .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get an preserved version and begin .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  get   return
truth:  grab   drac

test:  creates a path for looking through a given path .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated from the evaluated as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues notification subscription as push for given course and uses it to push the restful restful interface as a background task and reports .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks if a filename is binary .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  comments are checked against [0 .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  manage   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  make sure the metadata for a task with the given metadata .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  make   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: test for subtd functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  same mocked since action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  require   get
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an ordered object dynamically load a unicode dict .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return data about the api about the given api or update to the given api .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the jobs of the jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  stack columns of m kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  create   create

test:  given a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a boolean for whether a comma-separated length is none .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a valid dhcp option .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given coordinates of worker .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  given   dask
truth:  ensure   null

test:  for a given block types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of slices to a partial buffer .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  displays workers of a movie .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  annotate   duplicate
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a query of a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  null   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the given path using the given file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert multiple sha512 y: of a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  add   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run modules to return a dict of documentation agent string .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  count the sample size in the human readable by the human readable .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  count   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert x x in x a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  sends out the configuration options .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  sends   output
truth:  required   items

test:  return available push changes .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  push   push

test:  run all standard two-letter interface .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  run   ip
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get all volumes by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  retrieves standard template priority of a question priority .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  extracts   lookup
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a usage/specific section of an iterable of occurrences of an iterable .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 specification .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  identical if the django configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  imports   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  view decorator .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  view   a
truth:  prompts   null

test:  decode swap tab line .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  preserve   iterator
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the release--desc--short' number of the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channel-picking functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   channel
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry smart gpio devices .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  helper to generate an undirected successors for the source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  to   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom those the optionally start of the network network network network network .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances stuck to a return .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search for depth that are not in the list of strings .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  search   use
truth:  depth   depth

test:  helper function to update an entry from the cloud cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  update   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of all search for a given project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the given string as utf-8 string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the singleton of a set of ora2 to the specified module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop all the geonode instances .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line if possible to match at least one of the given number of lines or its lines .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   return
truth:  input   input

test:  given an absolute location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits in the background length .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named container .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  fetch the alarm device data for a given entity device .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  build multiple from the given list of accepted theme def the output .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  null   argument

test:  if the qurl is bogus url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return name of a file extension .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  name   test
truth:  name   name

test:  resource custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  create   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  return the currently active request or none if no request is currently active .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the name of the current machine .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as a quoted url safe for use in data-if characters .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  returns image information from the vm .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  does nothing have been following the following arguments? .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  does   i
truth:  have   i

test:  returns a list of all words in the specified string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  null   null

test:  adjust enum .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  translates   change
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to get a list of all modules with name modname .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a query string from the urllib .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to make sure a function has critical .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints the value for any display access given variables .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   print

test:  construct students from student to their own management .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  construct   api
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle an input type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   overrides
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get python files .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given an api v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  take a single gradient variable and makes sense .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  take   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot a legend in the current time in degree .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return a course objectscourse array for the course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  given   a

test:  transform the text into a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  constructs   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initialize ssh files .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  push   helper
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a working name and execute it only if a watch shell .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a valid random key as random key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the natural decompose_fullname function for the diagonal square root of a and b .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of a response .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  step   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  read from the tgz element .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  read   a
truth:  list   current

test:  returns the query string for the given model name .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate the base directory for a plugin e .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find all tokens in json format .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add intersections of our application-specific snan .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  return the given html as a template .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  return   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page uri from a queryset of the queryset .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  returns the enrollment for the course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  split filename into a singleton instance .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar or the directory of array .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg where egg from the distribution has a given period .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a scenario constructor should parse its language .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  make sure the first argument is ignored .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  make   feature
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the only the numpy unicode string path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  check if the given path and the appropriate autoencoder followed by the given occurs paths .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object from the vcenter cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test thedoes .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef properties or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   call
truth:  raises   null

test:  render jinja2 environment with jinja .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   render
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  convert a dict of unicode keys into a dict .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  take   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update an import if the parent directory is enabled .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  update   a
truth:  get   path

test:  if a string literal in a valid python string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  check if json .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update alternate emails page .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  coordinates   email
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a list of operating nodes in pmf .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   probability
truth:  null   distribution

test:  return a standard history for a method of the given mechanism .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return a version of full extension to deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  generate a list containing absolute path inside a list .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace function inside a outside of trace .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  turns   error
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a list of all valid terms of a collection .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  signal handler to convert to all .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  event for testing signal handler .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  check a string .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  check   integer
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the api time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server from a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get an transport configuration .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample dataframe objects from the colorized preference to the cluster .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  sample   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  delete the post messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send email after full email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the plus gets compiled .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  this should be the centralized usage as a dictionary with all the given return_stmt and a pair of svg usage .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   mqtt
truth:  importing   null

test:  view to the login backend .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a wikipedia value to the floating point number .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   verifies
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display command used by finder' requires $command_t .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to enable the specified method on a specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a string is valid .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of action codes from the template context .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  return   action
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a clique graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return an html message in the given hash .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  send a message to the data_query_tz module .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of the = underlying variables parameters a : float32 the activation function returns a : array or none .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  in the instantiate contents .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return a weighting for the vm .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  return   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  turns multiple options and returns a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   split

test:  returns information on the system pkg cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  package   package

test:  return lowercased string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  does   version
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  finds all field and field descriptors and returns the current course .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return current timezone in yyyymmdd .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a given word .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make prefix-appended field for use in current model .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  make   a

test:  associate specified qos specs for given volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   qos
truth:  associate   volume

test:  sphere sphere coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate ascii characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register a new signals .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   register
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse the long long string .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  test that distances transform the full or just transform on arr or numpy array .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  test   number
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip and object_id compatibility within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  given transition auth .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  create a store .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the name of a error pointed to .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the number of listing after web page checks .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   utility

test:  get http connections .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   query
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  delete comment methods .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  test that the root directory is properly available .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  test   test

test:  add extra info to the specified role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  file   install
truth:  install   install

test:  return the name of the specified action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  extract an ipv4 address in printable representation .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based op ids rather than names to retrieve the required vms .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return an absolute path to a resource within orange .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  importing function .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the direct children of a file by value .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  list   check
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the value of a notfound method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch lyrics date from url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  cleanup nzb on nzb if it isnt going to be removed .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add two pixels to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make a fix records from a text file handle .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   verifies
truth:  to   try

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert between 0 and utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 encoding .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  read a number of seconds from the current machine .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  read   elements
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   logarithmic
truth:  update   collections

test:  compatibility wrapper to make sure a threadsafe lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  if   null

test:  hex nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a question; or rpn askquestion if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  test that p .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test #3160 against aws drivers .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary of key from the key parameters .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escapes the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate if a loop is a loop with a loop or not .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   s
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the given function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert files to a payloads .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with length units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a python object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  pull   search
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate json labels from json .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  interprets   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  get the python hook ending on python hook .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  get   imports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create type .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure the container agent agent to be changed .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a rsa mask given a string and offset .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the given convolution of two single image with each row .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  using   function
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous application first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   create
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  runs an existing inventory as json .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  called   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne (b) .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if old version is vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   sets
truth:  packs   a

test:  determine the size of the given file-like object type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if xml library is verified .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  if   html
truth:  parse   parse

test:  transform error from a given error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  error   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  converts a symbol dict to an sls key and after a dict .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  build   s
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  use this decorator to cache the user for an object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a client that tests that recipe settings in the reactor scheduler .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return the correct argument names into a list of correct argument names .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if two dimensional operator .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  iterator over all the files in the current directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   error
truth:  finds   null

test:  test singleserie' option with a axis containing serie .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  load and return a numpy opimport into tables .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  some text should accept a filter .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  text   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   db
truth:  db   db

test:  test to ensure that beautifulsoup correctly converts columns representing beautifulsoup data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if the given model is callable for an object .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a master widget for a master widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db directory are marked as changed after the on-disk file ceased after the on-disk file ceased to exist .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a compiler compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  support   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove notification subscription from source inside an event on commutative .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  returns a content for a certificate request and post version .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test bandwidth with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   real
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  equivalent to the project file and return the local files .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  files   image
truth:  read   read

test:  test that expired class is properly parsed from a single 'silverlight' .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   file
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache path .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for sessions / send expired list .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the maximum html tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the minimum corpus of a given string in the list of signatures .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the *uri* matches a redundant f(x) values .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  if   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove all headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the ordering of a function that returns the xy-coordinates usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  get   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merge commit among all paths of git 2 .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model and load that it .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test the output of the logger .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram of a periodogram based on the positive range .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   inverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the old replace the given filename to the other directory .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   keys
truth:  replace   replace

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  if there are more action in the topic database .
truth: hold election . 
test:  close   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test that the python file object .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the current machine from the windows directory args: cmd the name of the request file returns: dict: the windows file .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   attempt
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the matrix of the symmetric matrix math .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  asarray   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert subtasks number of items to task subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  determines   number

test:  show messages .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  return   logs
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return data passed into the destination list .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  if the given user is in the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  if   users
truth:  get   get

test:  the gradient of a tensor .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all slave that are defined in the database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if the ssl certs we need to fix an elastic elastic version .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the number of linkage we have .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   apply
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as rank .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  match   array
truth:  take   a

test:  return a new identifier for the private key and return a list of sample pools .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  access the given position of the current image .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  pads   elements
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  splits a block of text into lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  signal handler for setting up after each page is created .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  view   null
truth:  if   check

test:  list the files for running on the interface .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   stop
truth:  defined   list

test:  format a color string of a color form .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  format   hex
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for http_date .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  removed two user coming from working backend .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  calculates booleans independent and variance for two continuous integers .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  helper function to format limit the limit limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  function   counts
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  convert time to time and time since the resulting date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag into a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if tags were not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the xml element .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  flip   rotate
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a selection administration administration from widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  register   register

test:  tests for multiple nodes where osx is multiple .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   null

test:  configure configure field by reference or separate its value in the property by the property .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  configure   verifies
truth:  sets   sets

test:  format html template with xblocks .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  render   render

test:  convert small to the input argument .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  return   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  get tool shed for all tool from tool code .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a json representation of a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   view
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload data as a 'financial .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   executive

test:  extract the contents of the directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock a file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  escapes   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies the set descriptors also pass any other configuration variables to the class and does not cause any other properties provided .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  allow   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  check if the most recent versions is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrices matrix of g .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a xiaomi device scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a repository list of desired changes .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  calculate   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 output from faces or elb .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return a qicon path of the icon for a resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  a synonym for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns entries for a server .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   current

test:  return messages match for a particular page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   reports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  github issue #1256 .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  null   outputs
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict parameters image_ext : - integer value .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  simplified   code
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the skips component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check if password is valid .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  if   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  return stdin defined in auxiliary engine or render .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  return   context
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country codes from a country string in the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test %reset dns backend .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  given a number .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create some folders of folder folders in a folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  uploads   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  return a list of all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse of square root of *x* .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   number
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dictionary of the current user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  list   list

test:  if a column has just a specific name .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  if   function
truth:  clean   up

test:  make the result of data buffer type .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   return
truth:  build   a

test:  set all old page available in the given page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  null   child
truth:  checks   page

test:  return the leading list of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to indicate that the authentication decorator is a function with the current context .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   set
truth:  default   default

test:  find a template code in the given template name .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the normalized average of the dataset as a string .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   a
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the old power of a scale of the matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   entry
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test informative of no informative method .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  function which accepts the given function and returns true if any of the field is uptime .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  format-specific dfs of embedding_attention .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  align   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  display the footer settings for an openid request .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  point   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the source code associated with a given target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test setup/update bounds like states .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of valid titles titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   dict
truth:  read   read

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a m[p] and return the action containing the listed points to .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  negative and return a l{natmapper} .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  github   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert float to integer .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a fused .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  strips the labels from a piece of states .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  loads   mr

test:  returns the similarity similarity of the set of distance between two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an absolute path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a positive protection .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all subsection grades in course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals json formatted json format by dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a cosine value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  helper to parse option string to camel .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a script from the auth .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   outputs
truth:  build   a

test:  configure main tool .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  configure   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  instructs all packages into the package database upgrade or a full version of the package database .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   packages
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the tables of the current revision .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   format
truth:  url   url

test:  add a box to a antialiased .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   cast

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  compare   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   replace
truth:  takes   null

test:  status is sorted .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the attribute value for an option .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   boolean
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  return name in the name of the given headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  name   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  folders -> list extracts all write values as a list of categorical .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the app info for ordinarycallingformat locations into some visually parameters .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  fixes   setup
truth:  text   text

test:  function to generate a dynamic model from a container name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deprecated request to post .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  request   plugins
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power types for a power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  allow base score to be performed as es score and dicts of positions .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  allow   move
truth:  bins   bins

test:  returns true if the given root directory is right .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  register a sorted license type name .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the current request .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert old-style to a version string .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns an iterator over arbitrary elements of the iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the simple method name for fullname .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a mock bindings method object .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  check   null
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   html
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   answers
truth:  test   latitude

test:  we need to convert a schema resource fields to a schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a custom instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  a generator that can be the same order as an array of tuples .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an anonymous context object for a high context that validates an anonymous context .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the amoutn of the message that started in .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  config   key

test:  build a metagenomeseqs instance for args .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a value to a calendar of floats and write it to its html .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  given a list x to the factorial of n elements .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  given   find
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that inverse works for a single user object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  test   test
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  delete a clsid to the set_a of a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks the list of ports without the provided string names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a flash range or group .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  call   check
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the base64-encoded value of a 2147483647 update literal .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  proxied attributes of an attribute with a given name in the class .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return unpickled .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon project and return a cloud build object .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  'request a response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  search   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  return an iterator over a list .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  nested   null

test:  calculate a set of sequences from the training .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  use the old date fields from the provided field .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad setvif* compilers .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the objects related to the db .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances in a normal model .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register all the github commit .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a dict with some arbitrary data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  simple fitness for calculating fitness .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  calculate   fitness
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  when an expression is available .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   utility

test:  run up the last modified data .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  run   return
truth:  if   null

test:  login before we are disabled .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  fake   entry
truth:  log   in

test:  creates an ack message protobuf to a given ack protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  the meaning function for a list of object/image note: this function is used for a mismatch which matches a mismatch .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  null   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the given history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate the next graphs if a next graphs .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the value to the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  replace the given description of an object .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  clean   handle
truth:  apply   html

test:  load custom python module .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   null
truth:  print   databases

test:  return true iff some two points are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send case of step to defined in new line .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  produce   map
truth:  text   text

test:  increment a single filename .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  slices   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the number of multipolar numbers of n continuous units .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create rpc object .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  point   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the user has the given directory .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string containing the nearest -1 output from a given name .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to filter a given filter field for a given user or filter .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   reports
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  checks if the specified server host is http .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  make an event date for testing files .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every servers which can be supported by setup .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return display command and storage output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   square
truth:  null   implementation

test:  compatibility function used to clean up the correct passdef and test_indexes .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test whether a user is loaded in the coil command .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  test   update
truth:  change   change

test:  set the colors in the current existing user .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   null
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   set
truth:  test   test

test:  return a method with a callable .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to getattrs .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  perform   a

test:  rename a .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   create
truth:  store   information

test:  measure measure based on image measure based on distorted .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if host contains valid gru .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds package to the given name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a document object or json string .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  process the remote api method required for post messages .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  to   field
truth:  null   temporary

test:  run environment variables inside the mount point .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  is this a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the main task to tell other than dict .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   xml
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then decrypt an encrypted key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypt   decryption
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the available supported volume platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current sessions spec for an monogo_return specification .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return whether the type name is 0 .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  convert macros to latex format .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr when snr is snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   snr
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager for calling python bug .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  return the url to read from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  clone a vm by running a vm .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  let   null

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso 8601 string to a datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create and configure some time .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  initialize   resource
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  transform lists to tuples .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete paths from the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a dictionary of storage info .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   host
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the basic changectx for the repository manifest a repository manifest to the repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the v2-style spec of a piece of the argument .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test that we find a string in a list of numbers .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the state will be handled when the response is stopped .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  return   file
truth:  request   power

test:  get the debug name of the current user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert id to a python int .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read plain 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  compute   count
truth:  count   count

test:  add glance metadata for specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  test that expired can be used by the given hub .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to a latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the disk file system buffer .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return a string identifying the pants .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the current process extension module is not a dump or training .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   get
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the bcache device name for [vhs][a-z]+ .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  convert a new marker .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns potential potential potential potential filters on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as djangos /path .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a string from a python object and register it as returned by the vm name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture that returns url for github api .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  the encoding of xml character handling .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  since token associated with an http request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  token   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dictionary of wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   a

test:  bytestring -> liking execute a <tag_name> from the snapshot_id arguments .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second twiny overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an means as a list of comparing objects in the provided order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  ensure that s3 strings are returned as parameter .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a domain object to a levels number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a helper function for computing the absolute geometric b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  populates a template variable with the given object many virtualenv .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  render   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  reduce a lhs or generalized two power of a lhs matrix examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  reduce   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   performance
truth:  color   color

test:  eliminating the next iterator by the iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  find   chunks
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  removes common choice string from the database .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  serves   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return one response code that has returned by one transcript .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  mock   mock

test:  turn data to a dict of files to a dict .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  code   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check a xml value .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   helper
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel files .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  request should only be used by url values for mysql functions .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  to   function

test:  build field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  build   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up text inserting a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a selectfield object for storing data .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the rackspace name is present on the computenode .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugin paths of the plugin paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get json method method .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  request   data
truth:  put   put

test:  squared axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   utility
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  test if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with a scenario column .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read a block file into a list of the form .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  combines a string key area cli example: .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all of the list of all users .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  show   print
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of exploration services .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  push a thing as stack from stack .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  push   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  object" check mail .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a specific qos lib to reach a given qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten response to numchunks or x+3 .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return size of required device on the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   price
truth:  return   size

test:  create a instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a single string from the whole units defined in a given format .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  user details page .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  remove a specific rule or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test regressor .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d transform .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   breadcrumbs
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if this package is installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install the user in the current application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   django

test:  read default implementation of template samples for a bokeh double item .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  default   resize
truth:  set   gl

test:  list the provided cwd directory for ethtools_pppoe_opts act cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  build   build
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a property type from an object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   null

test:  only unicode if not already unicode .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  null   s
truth:  return   return

test:  applying the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  instantiate   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  load texture if package_check variable is triggered .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  check   number

test:  return the given usage of a list .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  usage   usage

test:  a 1dbuggy matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  same as str .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  get debugging information for the debugging stack .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   exists
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should correctly parse the tables from the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory of the file in the directory containing the file or folder parent directory .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  text   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the number of binary objects in a binary string .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   iterator
truth:  display   n

test:  returns a list of chunk from chunk of word .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a version is a pre-release .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  if   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a full features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a hexstring of *seeds .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the proper location of json file .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  return the global file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  out out a string output .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a list of type: controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   manager

test:  given a dict of columns provided by non-text and write to a given log message .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  to   formats
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url for the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the available 'device player demo .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   cover
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is no lock to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   close
truth:  release   release

test:  return a wrapper for view returning a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the project and raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  return   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  show the due page as due to a handler for use in a particular course .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return relative path of the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  return   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the dict representation of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  load a pickled .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   metadata
truth:  read   data

test:  get the path to the directory of a package manifest .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   create
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages loaded session into the backend and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a datetime or multiple date in the target table .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of topics and write topics to the given course and inline topics .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the three password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds name from the given xrd .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project with given acl or try to be treated as a string .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge a result into a single video outputs .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from google cloud storage .
truth: grab image . 
test:  include   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  removes the debug log files .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  download   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  control-n in the current event loop .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  paste   attribute
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for an enabled feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the specified name .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   a

test:  return json dataset names and json .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  returns given interval input from an array containing limited intervals and useful values are the same length as notation .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  prepare   categories
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a dictionary with deprecated option names .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the number of days of an isolating bandwidth of the earths .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  refine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current state will automatically opened correctly .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar colorbars with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  convert memory label into prefix .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  push   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  for testing .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  testing   indexing
truth:  test   test

test:  run the provided service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  enable   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  return ohlcv bar date .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  download a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  download   return
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string representation of a requests object .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  i decorator factory function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a new empty value .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the context is top of the given request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if a user is a 'key variational directory .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a path .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of paths parent directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally a test if skip is access to skip a filesystem .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  change useless levels from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  gcd   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples as a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a group of raw term to a group .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images tags .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the arma process ar : float scale/standard of the given ma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  setup app tasks .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to an ssh policy by vcenter into a keyfile cli example: .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  to   method

test:  apply entire template string to a correct integer .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  given   dictionary
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it can be ignored .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  use   testing
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a string or a pre-release filter .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a given permission .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test predicate .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  get the bitmap for the given image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the directory for the commas this deployment .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  generate dense cross indices for dense cross entropy .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  cache surface of 2d basis for end of something to insert end .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  cache   compute
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the project .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  fit the regstats2 statistic for a given distribution this is just a given distribution for us to skip it this is the coordinates .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  fit   sample
truth:  run   run

test:  return the ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  test event .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid arguments .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  given a module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video filter file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   new

test:  read all dependencies of a remote repositories .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   server
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a given cpu to seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the upper common taskqueueserviceerror of a package in the package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return a module if it exists .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  return the values of a list of numbers to 0 .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher like string data structure a publisher .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads a file or a directory recursively the filesystem directory may be given .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the correct format .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  send notification to inform observers about user .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  return a valid python unicode string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  the keyboard function works on mac os x .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  list cloud provider items for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dict mapping one level to another test to be executed .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  convert   replaces
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the unsupported shape of the values b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the learning phase as defined in the given graph .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  unicode unicode wrapper around python 2 .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  close the given job id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns 1 in 'cnf .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   base
truth:  to   post

test:  return a sql version of a given hash .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  hash   hash

test:  shared hash for the vector with the probability in 1 .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  shared   app
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find a file in a directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage for a given memory .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   error
truth:  simulate   a

test:  get items from the first item matrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  construct a static file with the url as a static file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the global subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  add two parts: to the figure .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new clause object .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  is   null

test:  show traceback correction .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: inject-passwords enable ignored for certain project .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  returns   paths
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new num: server for a certificate in the _cache_id coordinate system .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from current working directory .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a type .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the home environment to download an installation file .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  calculate the output of a convolution of shape parameters data : 2d array the input size of shape sequences of shape to output the output size of the number of
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  calculate   convert
truth:  apply   a

test:  parses the parent routing query for the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a "conf" columns or usually the command-line options .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a utc decimal string to a decimal decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   ip
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  convert the header line to an html or correct format .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  build   a

test:  read a bokeh resource .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove all checkout from page page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  remove   utility
truth:  list   list

test:  load a redirect with the actual registration url .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  form   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on salt .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  gives credentials in an api context according to the target in user .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  produce   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  test column as part of column columns .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the pattern matches any of the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  create a test .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add 2d #144 to accept .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied arguments passed to the argument name .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the maximum of the graph g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack tcpip to send per connection .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  show   function
truth:  pack   pack

test:  validate a hash for being used for sequences .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that the directory size is a valid one .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom dataset by the first kind on each original table .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the shape of the given shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a generator that has the same length as a string .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  return a new plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculate the matrix of the mean along given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  calculate   s
truth:  sums   elements

test:  simple processs function for scanning a character .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish sphinx system target .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  calculate the key pointer of the key pointer .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  choose   set
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a version of packages .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns true if 180 is none .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  open a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  open   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  a version of symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  files   files

test:  apply a collection of attributes as a relationship way to describe the most appropriate way .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  do   replaces
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  delayed the delayed in which control is not available .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  ensure   helper
truth:  return   parallel

test:  compute the md5 hash generation algorithm .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if an operation supports a response or if it is known .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns representative inverse of a sequence .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  build   a

test:  display country from country and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  display   one
truth:  given   one

test:  update dll/exe .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  if the key stored in user model .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  returns   secret
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more messages from the cases .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  purge   names
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar name for the database .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  deletes   up
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  clear   returns
truth:  halt   a

test:  returns the number of seconds since the epoch to be passed as string .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  formats   get
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  queue view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  register   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all data terms associated with the given term or in a given term .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a eigenvectors matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  do   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a string of the pbkdf2 hash of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send file of provided editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  file   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a list of all the node classes .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return all the cgroup controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n digraph digraph as a digraph network digraph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  looks up the given encoding and return either a standard output or a dictionary .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a validation using the selected credentials .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert a linear polynomial zero or more memory order model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  convert   model
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a time string and return a datetime .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  time   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  initialize json to specify a file that allows us to specify a physical host .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  block the versioned resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from http request .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate batch capacity versions of label versions .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  batch   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a list of indices in the given list of indices which looks up to this format: is the given string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  build the arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   build
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns the content of the user with required milestones .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  create frappe .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  null   development
truth:  setup   docs

test:  get a sqlalchemy model object for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a post user instance with an optional authenticated instance .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the float by number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  return sklearn sklearn or epswrite dependencies .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and if the supplied type name is of type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  get the right state of the model .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  converts   payload

test:  get a list of tuples in lib order to generate a list of tuples .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  a replacement for url .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  if lxml is a ruturns release .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  is   a
truth:  load   in

test:  determines if the patterns matches a regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the rst variations of a little field .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator that takes a command or instance of the specified app as parameter on the minion .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a sqlite3 seed from a string of seed .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a token can be used with a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  if the node variable is an instance of a given loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and global state instance .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  replace audio output and assign new audio output .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  combines   video
truth:  merges   video

test:  signal that alteration .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  reset   remove
truth:  null   initializer

test:  checks if a base is complex undirected encryption/decryption .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build a docker letter from a docker set .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  build   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  returns dictionary with overlapping auth access to python auth objects .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the contents of a function .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  kbengine method .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this function tries to include html snippets .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  error   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns the date string for the current ip .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  fast approximation of a list of searches .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the zero distance between two ndarrays .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  build   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  determine if the header seems to be escaped in ifttt .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for django users .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  return true if the servers should be under vm and though though them .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  map   map

test:  converts an environment to a directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the default .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: writes the object to the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns a string representation of a node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert nav_extender strings to a si stream .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete multiple fields from a user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deletes   notification
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge -> iterator get a single iterator from files that implement -> iterator .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  merge   custom
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns whether an object is a string and not a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   inspect
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given timedelta object .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   return
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  returns the list of network ips in "pkg output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  package   package

test:  extract equal mises descriptor .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this function creates a set of items which represent a **opt build .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   set

test:  truncate the number of an instance of a given width .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   create

test:  idenfity the instances of this instance instances to a file .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release handler for git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  release   file
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode object to utf-8 unicode objects .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   try

test:  callback for testing .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   method
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a json representation of an object with the provided name .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of renderers loaded modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the only queries that have been automatically applied to key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the percentage of a list .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  simple case of our dict-like module .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  sends   test
truth:  url   url

test:  a reply to look up a snan instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud provider sizes for all providers cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  extract a number .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  base   base

test:  try to discover the terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of the context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  global standard get_id .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  moves   init
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper to catch the specified args and cache its output if passed as the standard process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  to   null
truth:  run   program

test:  make sure the context is not found .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints a three opennebula diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  determine whether a module name is a valid filename .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  return vowel indices from something that do not change .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  return   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj looks like a scalar object .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the job has no auth .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared '/etc/xdg' for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the intersection of the graph that contains the edges that contains that contains a graph g but not in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove zero or more callables from being used to remove failed paths .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add current enrollment mode to the given course mode .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  append   course

test:  test that normal table row delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a regular expression pattern .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the devices in perform .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   download
truth:  set   set

test:  convert recformat to recformat .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  we got the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  powers   powers

test:  list the resource summary line and return boolean .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  display   a

test:  add units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  run the bokeh status code with the auth .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  starts   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the url of the user supplied app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and the base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate linear unit examples .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add parameters .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  initializes   update
truth:  init   init

test:  skip test if digits_test_framework is set correctly .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  if instance is not a single instance of the same instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   show
truth:  to   hook

test:  run the line in the node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  run   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child of the data for data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the correct group of an http format .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the given string as defined in bytes .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  correlate correlation of arma representation .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   frills
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  segments a string as a one-line utilization of errors .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears review documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  create indices of empty actions .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  git   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  assign the user from the proxied client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a bytestring .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  print   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all the package version in the interface .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an inverse cluster for metric .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  index   a
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a string that converts a number of items to a slightly string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of indices in the provided list .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable from code objects .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the matrix product of a and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get the correct token token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out list and function arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   a

test:  read in the master table .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   master
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a pushover to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  accepts   test
truth:  send   send

test:  get the gid and the group id .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute command and type_qualifier into account .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image and discards as an image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract an attribute from a path and extract extract the list of possible values from within the provided egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extract   unpack
truth:  ensure   null

test:  construct a rule in a import sense .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  install forwarding .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  install   run
truth:  import   import

test:  sends an email to returns: jenkins .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  sends   verifies
truth:  send   auto

test:  yield all the keys in a file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  yield   file
truth:  get   get

test:  backward url .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return mount file .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  display   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  convert a list of evv .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute greatest factorial of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  produce the total dashboard dashboard dashboard of the user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   split
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the given parameters into a dict of parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return maximum part of f in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download exit requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  confirm   wheel
truth:  download   download

test:  softmax geometric forward .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  null   add
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime in a datetime zone .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the adapter generated by the provider as a list of disk .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  helper to allow testing values with tagging versions .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decodes the base64 encoded base64 .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  memoize decorator for functions whose names as memoize has been deleted in a memoize manner .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   null
truth:  is   null

test:  the user as staff page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   view
truth:  render   render

test:  return the rho repetitions of the coordinate array .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize a file object for testing .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the effect of the given alembic .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   error
truth:  get   get

test:  general handler for comparing multiple times .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   detach
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  return a string .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  return   return

test:  reset data of the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  get the encoding used by the given alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  log a sequence of time series .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  using   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all apikeys keys associated with the current api fan-out cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a list of dictionaries by dictionary and remove a given dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper function for computing a linear inverse outputs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the coefficient of two array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the sample mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provide a locale name for comparison of a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  return   print
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  generate indexing chunks of a given indexer indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on whether matplotlib is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class for py2 & py3 this code is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last plugin module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  check that namespace with namespace names are not earned by the given name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the localconfig localconfig api .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the transformation of the gamma in a squared expression .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple with the given name and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  given a response .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   factory

test:  send an email .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  send   function
truth:  get   service

test:  format a time in the input timestamp .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler for set and clear_property resource .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  note: must be removed of the main document .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  try to replace 2 .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a consistent chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  look   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  always use flocker-node-era class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  control   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a word2vec model data in the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  process markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   flocker
truth:  setup   setup

test:  statement indentation by the given indentation from the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the convert a file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a module path to the filename of the given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates the windows directory .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  get   null
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse markdown from the command line and return a list of network/port-profiles .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the layout for the current system cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   entries
truth:  set   current

test:  check that a particular file is return a list of directories with name of directories .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  function   crud
truth:  ask   null

test:  add a list of arguments to the flipwritable and returns true .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  add   null
truth:  strip   a

test:  looks for any event level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  prepare   command
truth:  send   a

test:  return a volume list of all volumes matching the given volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  s3 s3 object to invoke an object from s3 and cache it to s3 from the given buckets .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used in the date .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  the variance of a variance .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the gradient solution for a single order .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on range .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   sigma
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  a scenario provides outlines starting with scenario divide .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - filters - filters - filters - filters is 0 and filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  create a astroid document from a document node .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a dict with keys of the cocoa backend names .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates s3 file in s3 and branded it to the given bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  fake api white fields in cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  a key key for backends - limited to 0 .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  get a socket connection to the given ip .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of standard python values .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the observer plugin for each observer entry .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  sleep t and executes a time .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  sleep   return
truth:  read   read

test:  ensure query is not overall because this course/library .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   null

test:  test with a {a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer when n contains no optimized pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check that a phone number is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a clean-up setting from a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the model object .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version of dm-verity cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   version

test:  fill a stroke .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  build time series of time series for the domain and reset methods .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve threads from all threads that the given user and thread info .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  return the installed shims cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  for every file names matching a suffixpatterns directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prepare a network device .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   network

test:  rescale the given grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   k
truth:  create   a

test:  verifies that the provided directory is a properly .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to perform a single place .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  return a class for whether there is a process on the gpu .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  retrieves and return the provider['driver'] manager associated with the provided type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  determine if a header type is longer than anything .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to make a series of ['b' and cols via dism .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return the assist at offset code for offset code .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   python

test:  creates a game of the specified user in a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert decimal points to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  left   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an members from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   parses
truth:  create   a

test:  parse nested privileges .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features is installed on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   null

test:  extract generated files or directories .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point in the points in a given point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if the task matches the desired task for the given task and resolve are true .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns the template name .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return dict of fields as a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given an object .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as cholesky .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a logger that is needed to use the master .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if the file-like header is ros .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test performance of session string .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return the python code at offset .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  returns the default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an equivalent and storage parameters case : .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  returns the relative data of the trace data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  requests   list
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dictionaries into a single .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   values

test:  list all file v on a given url .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  fetch   generator
truth:  given   a

test:  return the given string that does not add a utf-8 string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes any timings records from the given index .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console console output .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  build a python dictionary attributes to provide the ipython attributes .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  build   use
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  return the given value in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a pixels .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  perform some require() namespaces and populates the output into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  perform   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  clone required statistics .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  clone   image
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme records .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get a list of paths for writing .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test rotated dynamic samples being having samples at time-step design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  ensure that the startup of startup are enabled .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  ensure   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  asset controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut for the named user .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   power
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the url without the s3:// part .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  returns   quota
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates an authentication backend fields from google views .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  null   int
truth:  gets   a

test:  return a list of volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  output execution to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the valid blocks of blocks and a list of blocks to match the arguments to search for sequences of sequences .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that p .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a command about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  defines a eigenvectors dataset .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to give a terminalwriter exception .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert html characters in raw mode into raw html tag .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  extract   null

test:  polys polys for the daemon audit functionality .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  gcd   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return url of linode and the u'**' .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns mentions representation of the file .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate number of jitter in a backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  update data to mirror coordinates .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  bug test for a axis serie .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   line

test:  make a directory on android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  make   render
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all possible tuples of iterable l .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  return   return

test:  get list of all tup tuples .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  list   markdown
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve and return a dictionary of files for a given addon path .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get metadata from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a string is a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  authenticate to the given ssl version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all the directories that are searched for the given tree .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  get the validation number of validation numbers in the boolean .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the variable j of the current flow and pertaining to one .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   none
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the html generated csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  given a list of partitions and set of letters containing letters .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  register   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  strips   add
truth:  to   add

test:  replace python usage of prefixbegin storage .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  save   migration

test:  fix the pipeline via name .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  to   null

test:  document an open document of type behaviour for fallback and assign its fallback document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  document   configure
truth:  to   attempt

test:  open file location of the package database file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  download   return
truth:  if   null

test:  tests that the lms response returned successfully .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  search   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  recursively return the patching patch node of the ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  for testing summary page .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  update   null
truth:  send   send

test:  measure runtime prediction of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for the alfred output of the given signature .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  iterates   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  resets a ajax document containing a given locale .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  its text messages .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood features .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  render   null
truth:  text   text

test:  skip a applications .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging 'messaging/index index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if the user has write access to the named user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the end cache has changed .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve the enabled backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the flocker gettext distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - optional keyword arguments to be executed at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  same as a list of lists .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with an image with a given width .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  make sure that the gpu conversion is equivalent .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert input_bytes to encoding .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  a helper function to vtype and maps triangle matrix to tails .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  percent of the directory path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  null   plugins
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update context completion .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  djangos   method
truth:  context   context

test:  test branch with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  change comment spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  use   use

test:  require project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   project
truth:  require   foo

test:  make sure the log state was detected .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the result of a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  main root of genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   page

test:  adds raw form to full url .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test for the magic tests for a unittest unittest module .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  find   a
truth:  if   null

test:  reads a hash from the given html file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if the object is a text3d or not .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string version of parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns true if the given graph node is a u'iterables' graph in g .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  stmt : return_stmt newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   simple_stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  returns whether xml score score is xml score to compute a2akn .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  computes   compatibility
truth:  create   create

test:  get the entire element with highest features .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   handle
truth:  get   get

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  yield   elements
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a certificate as jose base-64 base64 .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  remove all elements of seq from seq and alias .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the most recent plugins associated with this plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path for zmq path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  updates   object
truth:  set   set

test:  shut down windows .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   a

test:  only return if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series you are returned in the order of their position in the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  test whether the engine if possible .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in align to align it with os .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  perform the nic of the svd principal principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  perform   print
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a student_view object is support .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  if   file
truth:  make   null

test:  connect connect to port id :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  perform   endpoint
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and values as values as values as values as dictionaries with labels and set of
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test riak cli example: .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  join   riak
truth:  runs   a

test:  check if the class can be decorated with the class name or even if its not deleted .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  raises   import
truth:  null   null

test:  get authentication password using authentication or specified .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a html string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  upgrade all associated package upgrades on this system cli example: .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file on the master .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   find
truth:  read   read

test:  compute the first token of label lookup of label and the first token .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  named   add

test:  send an email after recipient of recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  send   null
truth:  context   context

test:  given an iterable of elements and a list of slice pairs .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  return the version of a dash image file and protocol .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return true if plot mode is interactive .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  import a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  import   a
truth:  download   download

test:  if the given node is already a comment in a thing .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  discard global state when given task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  download   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique counts with unique counts and the word after the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the flags is de of this demo .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  retrieves   sets
truth:  get   a

test:  format a pipe .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a command outputs the given hadoop platforms after opening the command outputs the output of hadoop passed in shopproduct .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compute the newton decomposition of the ringx activation function .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a path to the directory .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between the vectors data and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  plot all gnuplot definitions .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  plot   time
truth:  to   null

test:  replace an :class: .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  threshold   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  check if the given value is a string-like method .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  return the sysctl address for the given oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  return   capture
truth:  null   null

test:  convert labels to 2d tensor .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  updates   image
truth:  pads   null

test:  prints out the given code to the given code .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  write   a

test:  check if a procedure is none .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  utility method to wrap an exception that need to a plain future .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the authentication akismet to the api akismet .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the temporary file to ignore repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  project rois rois into multiple systems .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  project   dictionaries
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform steps until a non-false predicate is known .
truth: like common . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  like   like

test:  splits a few app into the path .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a configuration stream .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function for wamp __init__ .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  generates   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  test dealing of unicode objects work .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all closed closed cursor as a cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  returns the list of cookies as referer .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a inline definition to the list of inline options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an transport this interface for smtplib .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  verifies a soundcloud put request to add a firebase claims using the firebase url .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates errors .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get geometry output from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; by id or id .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an alignment object from two or captures strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  get   get

test:  check if tenant exists return if a tenant was created .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  find an image by id or id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  send a single drop instances .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  return the network details of a network .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  return   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a named help file in the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  returns a resource type for a given resource type and destination .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  delete a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a valid absolute path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  tests for a list of tests and a dictionary .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a project on a specified network on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get both nearest along the loop from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  adding bench and erpnext to bench menu .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  disallow   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown the given object with the time since the time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  handle the object as a bit stack .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  using   a
truth:  send   a

test:  checks if the provided string is a valid bool string or not .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process a wsgi 403 error .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  question   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all paths from the given list of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ filename in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is intersection of g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the main page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls urls .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a gpg file for use in the gpg .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   create
truth:  verify   a

test:  transform a geometric transform using a a a a a geometric training .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get translation policy .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  warnings an item via inline transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get the properly api and return it .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  show info on a fixed ip address .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces from a concatenated of the provided whitespace and outputs it with a spectral half of the socket .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   whitespace
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test enabling of gl backend to test for the given backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   -
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of seqs values from a reasonable sampled similarity .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return git dict['git'] dict['git'] as a list of all available git data .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   comments
truth:  clear   null

test:  test fixture that resets config from cloud profile .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  config   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts absolute path to '[endless]'h .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   integer

test:  get a generator that supports all through all [ .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  scan   up
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  format the expired disk parameters from the generated output .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  input   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory and all directories with the given path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute a wsgi application that matches the listener .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the side output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   window
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the notifications runner in a given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to skip a payload of paranoid and convert to a string .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the default :class:arrowfactory local timezone .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the string of any given search in the string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  =   =

test:  return the authorized volume statistics for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  transforms   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  runs a python source comand .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  run   run

test:  equated any email support for debugging .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the maximum where 1 .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  used   a
truth:  get   tris

test:  rest controller for outcomes @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get dirnameif file path from an re/split file .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete zero zero qme py_name .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 ways of specifying a time + small offset are seen .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a wrapper around debug .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  'useos := unix timestamp .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find group in directory for s3 files .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  find   search
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user group in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be timedoutwaitingfor{}tobeclickable .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  block   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   everything
truth:  clears   null

test:  enable the input string .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a maxheap to labels .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  writes   modules
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove multiple whitespaces .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  remove   os
truth:  assert   assert

test:  allows the most recent cluster for all credentials in an expression .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  allows   commit
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return an instance of every network extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all networks for fixed interface in fixed by fixed id .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a list of classes as a string .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   entire
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a sqlalchemy connection to use .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  to   force
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parses all keyword arguments .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  given a service name .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep line into .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove all paths in the root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  returns   paths

test:  the grains parameter for the application .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a specific port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict whose values are common key with any possible values and values .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  count the url of the django .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  get   get

test:  configure a direct connection by name .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the value for an object .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  retrieve a list of items from resource fields by resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate the python expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   n
truth:  start   start

test:  return the closest codes to the current process .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all migrations for a given migration id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a random regression or a random array of dask array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   a
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  return the binary digest of a key from the given server prefix .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces all comments with a dash comment postfix notes: * useful for automatic the end of the postfix completes; * mysql clock * useful to find it * useful for
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  read a pickle object and gets compiled file object .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   read
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  configure ssl certificate request and start the console .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  middleware   a
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  creates after post binary file in post files .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a sitemap for the sitemap script .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  generate   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  the main entry point for primitive types .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the cumulative bound to ensure that the earth of the von stream is described in cdf .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the v of the given vector s = decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  returns a list of row from a given list of matrices .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits chebyshev event for resource usage usage usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   options
truth:  emit   events

test:  regression test for url .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  generate   failure
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a set of all the xonfig in the session .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  make sure that all modules work correctly .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a single command line and returns the description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  prints   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy module if the specified name matches the or module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of python code named as python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generates   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the expression for whether it is a square distribution .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return default user settings for a user item .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   url
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string of code strings into a string or a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  convert   quotes
truth:  leading   strip

test:  convert a ftp user .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  invokes a wsgi expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a text string into a list of objects .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts dotted readable integer from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert characters that are allowed to generic sp_password format .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the threads of the given sphere of a callable .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  calculate   sql
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  register secret file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  register   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns whether or not we can load an s3 secret map only if it is already running .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a single yaml api .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return requests for requests .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if the decimal is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  directly return the cloud storage api .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  returns the data for the given kruskal .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the leading and multi-line lines from the path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of all info that are supported by the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   statistics
truth:  return   a

test:  read evoked data kind of an object .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  evoked   read

test:  return a diff of parsed diff between different diff and the outputs .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a link to the given device .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns all rewrites of v2 f(x) .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  disables this instance non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  have   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return true if click is small .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   names
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate an image file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html html text with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the date from the month identity or year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  return the default value in iterable for iterables .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  cyclen   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  discover endpoints for given uri .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks index page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to copy the module in the given module namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  convert a pil string to a file .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  accepts   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  open open anonymous cart with given token or none if it does not exist .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the configured integer .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   s
truth:  null   representation

test:  converts newlines to a generic python identifier .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  return skeinforge html days from provided release .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  return   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the vm name .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  given   prints
truth:  get   memory

test:  determine if portion of the boolean portion is other .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a symbol for the current symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns type string .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  samples   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a http header into native http http http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  dummy implementation of betai() .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a query descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the value as default values .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a query string from a list of tuples .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error regression loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   return
truth:  squared   mean

test:  return the convex function .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  step   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  get   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a dictionary of published entries for the feed pages .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  [lst[i version of integer or 3d columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type for the given object .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function of the diff conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default price list of default price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  make sure the text contents is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure an invalid file wont use invalid path .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  make   config
truth:  config   config

test:  compute a volume type for a volume profile .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  compute   volume
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a pair of a range of a range sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   map
truth:  null   uid

test:  find y y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a function to register its implicit role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  retrieves the job creation for jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  install completion for necessary .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  require   return
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check correct if path does not contain any of the string: pieces .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  check   -
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a list of databases from the selected filename .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid *xx .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sets the user manager used to preserve a managed transaction .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  convenience function to write a sysctl device .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  retrieve all the metadata tags associated with the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  build   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  returns the user of the given command and stderr .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   logging
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the numpy version of numpy .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  tests the stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  tests   assert
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test #3160 of kit files .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow login to login via login .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use sortcap names to get the identifier for egg:paste#cascade .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  reduce   edit
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract the whole sentence from the whole sentence .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a cache port on the container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: humbug execute a parameterized command .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric model of the #xa of a function taken from a vector of the pfm restrictions: restrictions: restrictions: - theta in the start of the roles of the number of
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mixed   null

test:  get the line number of declarions based on resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate constrasting table overlap .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   base
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create a user in an email address .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   null

test:  extract the files in use .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  return   script

test:  find the group id of a group .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of time left for a clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the name of the repository sheets .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns a boolean value in the param .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return a type of property management wrapper for console .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a absolute path to json unused unused system .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the given quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   current
truth:  null   bessel

test:  clear all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  the mandatory cobbler version of help .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run lint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  time   pyreverse
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change change email on activation .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  change   a
truth:  given   a

test:  joins a list of integer values .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  clear   copies
truth:  is   null

test:  build variables to a signal file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  write   function
truth:  write   test

test:  test the src/dst test immediately .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  the given srs .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  build and update ami to the migration .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  build   keys
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the tunnel' hash for this minion .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the arguments is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   config
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get reference to the hosts for the specified host or esxi .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the directory that the parent smallest is an instance of a directory .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file in a file form .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return the key whose values is a dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  left   null

test:  open a file object given a file object .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  obscures   verifies
truth:  return   a

test:  show mess representation of python line .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   method

test:  executed code for the given module in nominated errors .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  snapshots a cache to the latest version .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  perform   reverse
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of account multiplicities based on the user .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  show the name of the source method .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  defines   calls
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return a directory path to the file directory .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose a random two decimal amount with randomly chosen model .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  usage   dataframe
truth:  samples   samples

test:  lists a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a qrectf parameter .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get all regions in the load balancer by update its load balancer instance id .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  raises   lists
truth:  report   report

test:  returns the excel functions that can be loaded as an hdulist in a rule .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  returns   guess
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a raw varint string to boolean signed .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  uses   encode
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   statements
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string representation of an absolute array of renewal asyncronously .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to get and return the value turned into a single value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the <url> component of a mongodb ha environment .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd and set it as cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical unit .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  returns the class for the better class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the torrent tree associated with a given hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  get preferred id .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for expr examples .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the pci interface by ifname or none if the interface is not found .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update or disable zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  list   everything

test:  wrapper for oslos pixel coordinates .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a function and returns a nfev tree .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  accepts   parses
truth:  null   options

test:  returns the content of the date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename has write access to a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a environment dictionary based on config file .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  reduce datetime into yaml file handle various tuples .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns a maximum distance between the wordnet distance between 0 and corpus .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert seconds since e .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse a given policy string representing the settings .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if partition exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe an engine plugin process .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  invalidate   plugin
truth:  config   handler

test:  checks whether the transaction is in managed transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  changes   changes

test:  name: percentile of os .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require the specified instance and require to be passed via instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the attribute of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the non process id from a .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the count in the given url represented by round-tripping .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the axis of a 3d tensor with the axis of a given axis output x .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  provide   mean
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test the version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the linear dataset parameters shape : int .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  return   function
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email by name .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   convert
truth:  sending   sending

test:  start the widget directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  stop   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns the name of a task based on its user .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  forced a parallel implementation of parallel dot key into parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  injects   build
truth:  error   error

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  return   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map are parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  i have been following inspection .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  computes   count
truth:  null   i

test:  return a query query string for the given discovery key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  look   up

test:  takes basic item or problems .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert integer to initial byte string .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  constructs token to a passwordif likely using authentication authentication key and auth stream .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   ec2
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  loads a numpy images using pil .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  reads   input
truth:  read   read

test:  return volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list value and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the number of multiplier in current multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  like   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django django application to load django .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   setup
truth:  selects   a

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a process exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic name of the current python object .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  point   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of rights that have been get .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find a daily contributions record .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decode the value of bytes so that a time-varying bytearray is used and a nonnegative documents .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a type quickly return the right type .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a systemd package with package multiple package options: pkgs a systemd name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes how many test view as defined in an exception .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  escapes a string containing a valid filename .
truth: print line . 
test:  wraps   helper
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the data field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a graph to an integer .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the url of a file path in both base url will push a relative url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the identifier for an object .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a space representation of unicode strings or unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a reference mapping of expired data .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   null
truth:  order   order

test:  disable the vim block output .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   context
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a dict mapping of memcached names to an equivalent url which has the same arguments as value .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  template   template

test:  reset keyboard connections for the given key .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the database has been set .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  writes for the given directory .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function of a stack of calling values .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  return dictionary in dictionary in dictionary whose keys are element .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience routine to route a web address .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute ranking-based pairs for different probability of batch_size .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip already exists as a method of ip address .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  return   import
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert an seconds to the number of seconds .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  if x is an x .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  chown   page
truth:  null   null

test:  return the opacity tuple of image data .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   change

test:  users users users .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  check for the characters in the current text file .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the entry from the specified entry definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a long integer into bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open file containing full filepath for the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the default app engine in use .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  point   logging
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return an instance of the given operator .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  deprecated save default value .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  rewrite   custom
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests that the admin view is retrieved for a project .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper for the firewall mode is valid .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   return
truth:  mount   a

test:  capable all old queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  convert bogus .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of refs that are marked as salt minion .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the square matrix to compute array of transport parameters indices : int returns contr : array matrix notes symmetric matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  generates   read
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to the queue if it was a html reader reader .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the primary depth of a depth object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   a

test:  clear the given path .
truth: on windows . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  test if a tool has a definition on the minion .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute split properties of the remote repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  list   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the half of the of the passed 'flake to the function .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   running
truth:  run   flake8

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new server to attach server_name name of the server to attach from profile profile to build on cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a secure helper for djangos querystring .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  patch   decorate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the status of the successful status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given an targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  search   search

test:  doctest-skipping skip test for various test code .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  attempt to mock all of the connection in config mode .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if the controller is none .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a config object .
truth: given a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return list of network networks and the ascii85 config file .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test reading the attributes of a table .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  code   test
truth:  test   test

test:  render a string in the users json format into a basic status code indicating that other types are saved .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function for config files .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  reduce   file
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the value of the users policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  build the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   working
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost retrieves database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a cohort for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a yaml document that returns a yaml string for the parsed arguments .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes python object as json .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  note: server be rendered by the globals globals switchport with each server .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  create   a

test:  a replacement function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  ensures   null

test:  initialize the fnclex footprint} see: .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  extract information from request object .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  extract   attempts
truth:  given   a

test:  convert degrees in the current machine .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an callback callback instance appropriate for ihdr .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a hermitian of data .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the url to which the default urlconf for the given url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of ports associated with the specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes a jobconf variable in the environment vars .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  deletes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of paths reproducing as a walk module .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  archive   sources

test:  return a keras color string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  prints and returns the number of files in the given file-like object .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a timedelta from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the given string representation of s encoded in unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare two dict1 .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the specified patterns are available .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  existing   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the config file location by name .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  move   move

test:  read and return the renewed config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid expressions .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort and users .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fake last access and the expression .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  usage   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json subscription path to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  remove all lines from the given response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place them in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect additional identifiers .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a mutable expression .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  return   regexp
truth:  substitute   null

test:  a generator that yields a sequence of possible expressions .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  skip if a test if a database supports the same arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  calculate the widely craft sequence of data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  calculate   runs
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  displays whether the current time is on .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  displays   null

test:  add multiple nodes in an html node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  register   a

test:  update the room .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  update   gcode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a string like string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable or disable a known graph objects in use by a given datastore .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  normalizes   replace
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the cli time zone as a definition .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of all available track and making a specified vm .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a variable is inside inside inside inside inside inside one .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  vertexes scene database .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all lines from the given piece of errors or eliminates have already been found .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  restful crud s3 for facility contacts .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  read   action
truth:  create   create

test:  moves progress information to the local file .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  log   a
truth:  write   a

test:  find the first word of a complex distribution .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  replace   upgrades
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person the person is created from person - used by training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] group of a variable number .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script configure trend reports to deploy project .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  selected review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  return a dict of sample local user profilereturn .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  return   python
truth:  get   get

test:  is the tool shed tool shed since the tool shed has the received tool shed a repository for the received .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression | expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  returns all debug rooms from api .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten nested iterators and forward url .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   upload
truth:  return   system

test:  returns the default database for the database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  creates   null

test:  fake random string .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates an application which is uniquely identified by an application which is uniquely with a stop .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the urls urls for a url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if field is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds the virtual adapter spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  calculate the output of a feature to find the underlying feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run run on parallel nodes in the parallel vm .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall app cache .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstalls   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the coefficient of a rectangle with the least one being error in the passed array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a path to slashes from path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  removes   everything

test:  try to compress and return a list of data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper function: isolation .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  start   a
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  if   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one axis with a axis containing serie .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the root rows for the given ids in ids satisfies the given root .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieves the linode and return the appropriate sysprefix as a dict .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  retrieves   text
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that most common functionality for an error code .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  fill   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  wrapper to provide the csp response as a html structure .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return a factory for the given ssh instance which will be external record .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find the name to be in a directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  to   find
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade a package to the latest version or available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  list   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  retrieves all registered warnings for category types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for current working directory temporary leaf .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  make the difference between two cheatsheets first .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the test can be imported .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   check

test:  return the string in the first difference of the string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns true if the last line of packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   server
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is a particular answer .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  helper method to get the cache directory for an s3 thread .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  do not allow mocking method of combining information .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  do   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  mock 2d tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  to   view
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html with html markup in doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the name of the pack pack .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the type for the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  add   a

test:  take a temporary file and returns it .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  take   create
truth:  content   content

test:  send u'weinsertintotable' into direction .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of all available app sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat calls to func with specified arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  null   null

test:  determine whether the mailchimp api is valid .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns height dimensions that will height the current thread .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pants tree of the pants .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  deletes multiple folders from the mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  deletes   read
truth:  install   install

test:  internal soap function .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format a message sizes into a string .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert state to the beginning of the current default state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that lists of tuples a distance window does not choke .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send a list of files .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  if   a

test:  return whether the value is json for the integer .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  return   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the cli interface .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  execute   install
truth:  publish   commands

test:  given a list of class and an object .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  build a setuptools object for the given setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  sets   service
truth:  return   distribution

test:  warning: this function will not be a inline to the context in is_scheme: .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  given key to list of config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  given   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that the given messages flag is logged in fetched notation .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   authentication
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a list of strings to unicode string this looks up .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  convert   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  recursively mount paths to mount from path .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that preserves existing text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  connect to a certain method to a collection method call .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  utility a_i a_i .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator to restrict calls to allowed .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser for the specified arguments .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assign private entry to private entry .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a double frequency array for the linkage double braces .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users password cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  dictionary   shorthand
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks ips in dhcp-opts config or individual library>&num=50&sort=timestamp .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  compute the degree matrix for the specified block .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return limited parameter of request identifiers .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   current
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determines the method to be made up at a method .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  a slightly is the debian interval of this log parameters eps : ndarray .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup the undo rules on the defined ref .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if lockf is in lockf .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  returns   report
truth:  lock   a

test:  get weights for selected features .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the action that is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  compute patches for erfc hue space .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  execute   null

test:  list entries from the argument string .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  installed   map
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a matching paragraph of s .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  converts a piece of object *obj* into a list of the items in dict .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  these truth of two padding components .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   return
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the current iterable object as having one given in iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  yield   batches

test:  compute tax amount of the money amount of an array .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  added   stack

test:  update the directory of the addon .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  update   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  helper function to clean up exception .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the initial component of pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  it updates library .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  updates   course

test:  make sure a string is at least two integers .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  make   units
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the cix tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  returns proper task state .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before a named user is still active in the given date .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests sigmoid logging raises an error when given a matrix .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   get
truth:  simplified   add

test:  creates ast like ast from ast offset and offset .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the user id from user id or session .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boolean value representing a character and int .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns the connected components of g in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator that generate the factorpows of the given integer .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of a string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   files
truth:  test   test

test:  return numpy level from multiple functions parameters x : pandas .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an ad upload callback for resources .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return dict of zones for a zone .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  output the args and keyword arguments for each arg .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model of bem objects .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   question
truth:  making   test

test:  synchronous sqlite connections and connections to non-synchronous connections .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns active on all active freebsd .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with the arguments .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset templates for all periods .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   doctype
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  testing the same order to be instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  testing   tests
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the list of names of all api api service .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of html copy of the given list of strings .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a handle from a nice file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin introduces a bstick project .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a {msg}' endpoint from the minion filesystem id and delete its config key .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a pure matrix into a complex complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check if db supports one or more than one or all .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that no p-value can be initialized as a number .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  reduce an array at axis level performance of the two arguments .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  reduce   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generates random comments .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  modified ricatti-bessel bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  password reset messages .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  form   handler
truth:  reset   reset

test:  prepare background background volume of the given set of channels .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  to   rgba

test:  display the default repo class .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   python

test:  create a dataset in memory .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add indices to mode pair .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  configure   send
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   row
truth:  inplace   row

test:  returns true if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  pass   factory
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  a view that renders the context as calling equality .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  picks   picks

test:  a generator for matches matches the sequence .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  null   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  make a json string that converts a json string to a json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the randomsymbols probability space of expr given a random expression containing that symbol or random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from sale .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  create a remote topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  starts a file system on partition <from-minor> the system .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  validates   up
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the log moment moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   redirects
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  collection_id relation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fastica

test:  like full .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  find   null
truth:  try   try

test:  rereference the activate info needs an empty eeg reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list semi .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline from the given key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  very simple and trigger fields for all the output from jobs .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  null   cookie
truth:  returns   json

test:  same as a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  list a installed pep_number .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  returns   exclude
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the closed representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the base url of a hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query the projects that we created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   query
truth:  to   query

test:  sets the obey over the obey flag .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  get   members
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert all missing constraints constraints to a missing table and return a specified table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  add the topmost connection to the multiprocessing object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example files .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test dependenciesdependencies and 'sympy' classes .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a job is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of users that are matching the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  display color issued on output .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  warning   current
truth:  prints   a

test:  uses zones to remove a shell directory from the shell .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  parse input services .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  view   filter
truth:  display   display

test:  return jar file .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the value is a string .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given python version string .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  return   python

test:  get the targets that belong to .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current device .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns image uuid based on given image uuid .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  create a enrollment user in the course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all backups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test volume label label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a function statement on both the given arguments and returns a result .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   matching
truth:  like   like

test:  walk a list of fields into a dictionary .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  decorates   convert
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper function to extract schema body and return a string representation .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return hadoop mapreduce constructs if zabbix module is running on this in seen_ts .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the matrix from float angle between 360 rotation and the :attr .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that a string value is a valid temporary cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  verify   html
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  split an object into a master form alias .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  stops   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the object is binary and if it does not already exist .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an type .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  get a name of the given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a page page link for certain attributes .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  generate   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  save articles .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   variables
truth:  save   null

test:  detects whether a file with the given name .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for updating vertices in filesets .
truth: update request . 
test:  shows   signal
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the driver configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if action appears to execution and accessdenied are not raises an error if action with action .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  get the craft preferences .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the server for invalid characters .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  deletes a consumer .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check and return requesting words are inside the same coordinate as each string .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  is   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  performs basic django 1 .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  performs   data
truth:  to   null

test:  make a string string representing a c .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  specialized previous version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  find the dot product before and return the dot manager .
truth: returns np . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks what system is teardown if deprecated .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   attribute
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the kth batch for the given session .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener descent volatility matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create an xls object and pass in dummy variables .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  ensure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return all variables consisting of the rewrite variables consisting .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  return a entity_pb .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy a pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  raises an exception if host is not a symlink on data .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  raises   replacement
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the nonelog level of the locale for nonelog .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  sets   worker
truth:  locate   null

test:  return true if s is a fallback .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  format   replaces
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  prompts and took up any users prompt for authorization types .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompts   user
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get triangle mesh from a complex mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  list   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the highest bit of the mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more iterables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   get
truth:  combine   null

test:  return 304 based on content proxy .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over all lines in a file and strip the given file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  parse   data

test:  verify that entry_points predictor when displayed fails on a observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run thrift_file to post .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a task to the given error report .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the given robots with the given internet .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that calls runner on python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  inverse a dir and parent directory to work till debug .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  uses   uses

test:  select a file system path as a dummy unicode string .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  default   null
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to the csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the best :class:xblock .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return the given datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  format   format

test:  create the drop and all the contents of a fanout dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  return the local version of a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  import   a

test:  return the zerovects vector where each system vectors are vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns signing token for use in signing of user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  unregister   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the default manifest dictionary into one rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  retrieve   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of all known permissions for a given set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device associated with the current thread .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 2-d array of supported identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test that duplicates of enumerate enumerate .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  given   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  expect the given locale with given arguments .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  helper function to print a single application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  return   one
truth:  null   one

test:  status of the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check that the key and the appropriate order of the sens .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   update
truth:  check   check

test:  simple link page to retrieve an generate page .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a list of tag; for the given branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   branch
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the id of the longest lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a absolute path with lowest permissions .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the search string for the file .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a mac driver name for this vif and mac address if it exists .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  if   null
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a list of the sorted list of ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of exception exception .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  github api simplified units .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  null   try
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return the path of pyconfig file .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  check   xdg

test:  helper for convenience that takes one parameter in a version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of elements from the given pdb file .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram transform compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   histogram

test:  make sure directory can be embedded correctly for no conversion .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   work
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the maximum authentication policy for the passed request .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  displays all multi-entry actions the alert if the user has u'admin/includes/recent actions .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  displays   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  tests str literal .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for clients clients .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the solaris path from the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  show the event on deletion .
truth: force exit . 
test:  launch   runs
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the result of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  download all successful option linking to the given site on a compiler .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check if a process running an error is running under pid .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  if   val
truth:  use   use

test:  general function to display the hosts .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get retrieve loops from a list .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   works
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local hg revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   prefix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  null   application

test:  waits for any actions on the template .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  coerce   thread
truth:  perform   null

test:  determines whether provided string is at most recent characters .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the character after the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a test token .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a service to text in seconds .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return the current regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  called   runs
truth:  hook   hook

test:  disable xml output .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  duplicate   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a string representation of the given registry .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   a

test:  yield all python reader files found within the given csv .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   search
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   function
truth:  starting   starting

test:  retrieve a yaml theme from the filepath and return it .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns information on a container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the directory to use with yaml format .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  expected   return

test:  reads the urls contained in a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  implementation of the task .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  return indices of histogram using less than bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  return   return

test:  build the options .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   build
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a list of warnings from the given converter for a dynamic rule specific arguments or a list of warnings .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule a url from the given week in use .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates opening and returns a working directory .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  generate the index of the first kind of the given index .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produce a method and either the given target .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a customusermodelinuse' feature is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configure the old vtk of the input data structures .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  mask mainly to handle extra parameters .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  call   -
truth:  null   workflow

test:  for testing .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  get the name by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  makes an expression according to unicode .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  does   xml
truth:  normalize   a

test:  convert debug option to debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get an cgl pointer of work in the response .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an upload file path .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove site_contact_person() files using current dir .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load a module .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   use
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  null   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path to the directory that will be searched .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check for logging .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  check   null
truth:  -   -

test:  change the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the name of a system image / image name to check that the image tag to use for backward cli example: .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   a

test:  escapes a string value .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  escapes   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  get log logs for webhook must be used to create the response and retrun .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the part of a node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  computes   list
truth:  null   a

test:  add nested representation to rule .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  add   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  create a key from the current database .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  create   sort
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  verify whether a user can view the inline profile .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a duration of size based on parameters .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  computes   timestamp
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the value of the request object .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of all fields for a list of resource .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return all the first node found in the given node are literal as comments .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return a list of warnings from votable .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a 2d image of image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  cleanup im to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return available network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace html variables with a particular pid string .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of the two items in left .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the given fasta fasta along the same number of tables as new .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  find   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  list members of the group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  list   users
truth:  replaces   members

test:  elementwise elements of a dag by given filepath .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  replace string with the given blocks to match localizable .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a list of available rubies version of the currently installed .
truth: available major . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator for basic implementation of basic .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this 0query only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  removes duplicates from the list of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a base class .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the current configuration from the given thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats a unit date into a string of seconds .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  formats   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  only work when ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  work   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the application .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  read a given certificate and return a single certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the protocol url for a tool .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  evaluate the string code generated by stringify_expr .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging 'messaging/index' page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  owned   messages
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  check to see if alarm is alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return the datastore url in the datastore url .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the cartesian representation of the positive decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  records a value of a single 'sdb protocol in 'sdb .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  converts any html page to a value in an html page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  ensure the wrapper for an application .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  modify   returns
truth:  using   null

test:  we need json environment from menus or may contain env .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  evaluate   update
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date from the date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  try to mask a url from a given url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  to   lookup
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a django project path to the django project .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemtype selinux pages .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a html file containing the executive summary task and return a given course .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  put server daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the maximum child entries via head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partial plane in a sequence .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  basic 10 representation .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the offset in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should always be inserted like:: code at offset .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an object to this object to this object .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get the number of seconds since the time in seconds .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   unix

test:  fix djangos logger redaction into the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  registers   add
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  dummy function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  show the local stack for the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  output   updates
truth:  get   get

test:  check and return a list of required api record .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the number of leading and string2 in a raw manner .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  a context manager to temporarily call the alarm api call .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  wrap   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   columns
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a offsets offsets into a list of pairs .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  combine a value by its depth .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  send   field
truth:  infer   a

test:  return short short type for operating system .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test simple imports .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  returns a what plugin u'xdg if available .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   configuration

test:  search environment variables for the deployed exe' caller .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  search   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get mangling to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return proper host and the proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  return   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on systems that are running on __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns number of 73 to represent a float .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with an interval distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a snapshot of a snapshot value .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   softmax
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that signal handler only contains a valid workflow doesnt exist .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the current sample size of the given sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates the login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the volume size of the graph g .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a base64 encoded string into base64 with base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate the correlation matrix for numpy parameters factors : array_like the number of correlation electrodes returns correlation matrix .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  project   a

test:  output all database that fully qualified .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  look   drop
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of all top-level ids .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster or list of indices to a cluster .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns an instance of weight for weight or bias .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple wrapper to apply row of cycles to be used in a breadth-first .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  find the most recent differential equation in a in the base prime .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the flattened angle at a given 1-d graph .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  null   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensures that the specified gemset is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a resource device by microversion .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   one
truth:  get   a

test:  return product version of two contributors for the locale specified .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  create a class along the given <filename> task-related output .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   class

test:  parse command line option into the environment variables .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  does this if the user insert event on this app .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a table to the nearest slightly of the boolean array .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  considering the lowest likelihood kernel x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number of units size data size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  this view returns from json headers for the user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  get filename information from file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  import   formats
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the root root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a hash on an expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  build the script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a string details .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the lazy metadata for the request - grade .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   val
truth:  context   processor

test:  run reverse reverse if the specified python interpreter are supported by another .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  call   call

test:  given a user hash which only returns the appropriate permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a list of callable for a particular object .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  prints error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  displays   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the given method node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that a default filter has a default default src .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a n-d uncompress: tensor for a tensor of compatible model numbers .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log administration administration administration from http event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  adds   cleanup
truth:  log   events

test:  log directory .
truth: open log files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of new-style class classes defined in plugins .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group -> group return the position in a list of arguments .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   map
truth:  null   elements

test:  generate random deauth factory for rendering .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return user information .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  getting   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  replaces an input channel with the specified original channel .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  some api template .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  context   try
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the end of the feed command line .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   info
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if all required libs are available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  if   null
truth:  requires   requires

test:  generate validation nodes .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  iterate   create
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the network device .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  normalizes unicode characters .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the inset device path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a doclist xml file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns the random qubit elements from the circuit user .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a dataset in a given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the kicking api template id for a branding dictionary .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a header into a .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return the version string for use in remote .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  set   version
truth:  return   tshark

test:  return the common installation of the dcosapisession possible .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the snapshot for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  returns   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items directory args: filename: : the path to the root directory of the image .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  filter out a table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take an array as a init_path and ifft .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  computing   return
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns a list of all extension of the given root directory .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the inventory we need to set for osm-related and visible resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of roles for a group from a group on a group or domain name for a group .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract sentiment dataset .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  preprocess   null
truth:  build   up

test:  return image info from an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   output
truth:  import   import

test:  set a bogus function and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the variable variables are of theano variables .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   test

test:  send an email with the given help being posted when the inject help information is templates .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect cos and their pspaces of x cases .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  callback   method
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate duration api key in post the given coordinate time .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generate   waits
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   failure

test:  apply a random rotation matrix with the same arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  simulate   in
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the given response .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily check that acquires a file .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return a random string in the random sampling .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode value to ifln .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  formats a list of items .
truth: like repr . 
test:  formats   python
truth:  like   repr

test:  find key based on tag or channel .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   channel

test:  alias a key to specify a value in the generated aliased .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  request request messages from setters .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all nodes in the alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  generate a bypass raw options and return the parsed cloud offset .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  calculate   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  try to compile the given code file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  export to specific svn revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  files   commit
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group delete members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  return the options for a vm vm to be targeted key : string vm to get vm key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch a raw image from the specified target .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  validate bson document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if the dbref is a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert cosine function .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of location names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute svd of a real matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  find   find

test:  output the body of a header uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps this method returned by replacing each method as a method where each method is a "@remote .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns the resources messageelif representation of l{picklestringi} python object .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  output   gcode
truth:  null   way

test:  return the full checker image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this is func2 .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  null   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  require   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has the same actual node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  parameters non-gapped : int .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object from the given passwordpageviewrestrictionform .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates an operation factory which takes an operation and uses it to be read from the machine .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in a directed graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a value for the positive integer value .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  check   try
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an compute node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  generate version}return lun id for the given location in the provider constructor .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  pairs   build
truth:  builds   null

test:  receive receive in xml found .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return callables .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  read plst ints from an open binary .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   utility
truth:  combines   null

test:  i receive error message as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  parses a fragment and/or query paramaters .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  add   a

test:  build a fake key for the given base64-encoded file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns the downloader extension in which the filesystem path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if a numpy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generates the gaussian cval class for a given iterator .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  dont display a string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  test   null
truth:  empty   return

test:  transform a convergence loop with the current cluster .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct an service content of the node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  construct   format
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns true if the argument is a generator .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  construct the asset url for a course default asset files .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a new validation handler to create a new user .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  get upgrade upgrade when support is an email address .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  instantiate a class decorator defining a contribute name .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  sample   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  access a directory if a previous directory is available .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a container from an object .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: claim-build cfp .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   end
truth:  null   null

test:  given a dictionary of offset from a datetime object .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  null   helper

test:  open a new session ticket and the given master key for future use .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  store   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the default data type from the given data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  run a file as a string .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  run   try
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clears all cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts that we find a list of ['model'] .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  merge   struct

test:  get the storage device with iterable directories .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a generator that generates the next group of data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check __getitem__ against solve systems .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   in
truth:  url   url

test:  format an object or raises an xml tag and determine if it is a matches tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  factory that returns a double parameter value .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the name of an proper file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations for the specified text .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  plots the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  null   python
truth:  shows   shows

test:  ensure its fully qualified name .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  create   a

test:  plots a straight plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  is   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  test #3160 .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   target
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  logs the messages .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  unregister   seed
truth:  function   function

test:  load the given yaml template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add an longs value to the correct location .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert an array-like to either a mask or mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  return   config
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles deduping in tuple .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  turning   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of networks .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   a

test:  output of the current python int .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  output   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if user matches user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information on grains cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  test that bad symmetric service which is not found by one or another table with lines .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   null
truth:  header   header

test:  check a dictionary containing the words in the form of a python dictionary .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine if a size is a sizefilter distribution .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  if   check
truth:  files   files

test:  attach the user authentication policy for the policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  attach   move
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a hex value using the given wwn method .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns true if expr is a rational extension .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a dictionary mapping relevant value to query for certain option .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove task name from a module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  package   task
truth:  given   task

test:  a "safe" version of xml characters that should always be escaped .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to change the init logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the global adapted start at the given server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a file is executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named sources and place them into the tree_base .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   a
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a decorator .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the relative path of a file .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  stores all templates available within acceptable polygon .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of all links .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current site details .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an example with all the keys in a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split a list of objects this looks like an unknown list of objects but split the tagged sha1s and return the connections tuple .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  list   object
truth:  object   object

test:  recursive function for axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   search
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a destination system .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   function
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  determine whether the hypervisor can be lift by the hypervisor .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  unregisters has an owner or calls another user .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  password   password

test:  create an text element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test tests for the provided test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable or disable objects into one of the github api .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  generate alternative weights for all position as a list of 0saved .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert user output to a part of computes i .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new default mapping for the current thread .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that mrtextclassifier get a file descriptors are only a file object .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the date as the datetime or utc date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the currently active 'initialized' .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  get a mapping of string .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  get   version
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is tied to a server cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compatibility score for certain score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  function   query
truth:  compute   compute

test:  scanning command line of logging .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  command   query
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset prompt .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding used by the given encoding and the encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  helper to split the number n in a list .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  to   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the comprehensive theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator for testing .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print : definition .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a conf output info for the attributes .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   names
truth:  output   parameter

test:  assert that the tpot cli example: .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   comments
truth:  assert   a

test:  test performance initialization for central types .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  remote   qt
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  save some python workbook as a dict .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  open   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create the skeleton vertices that can generate the given network inside the superpack and uint8 credentials .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   create
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be given .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  retrieve all messages for a target identity output .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if any of the config opened .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a collection summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified order on specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   null
truth:  place   place

test:  generates a list of slices[ .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  fetches   function
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   windows
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  given an app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  given   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a vector representing the top of the graph .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  delete a database name database name to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user user the user user user user user user user user
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a header value .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  testing the verbosity output 2 only testing .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a simple protobuf to one protobuf summary .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return func reveal strings .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  bench   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert safely incorrect letter and letter code into identical codes .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   error
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the distance between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete delete on a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the absolute url for the given module name .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns user-configured .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   fix
truth:  default   default

test:  get an empty level available .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  make   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a theres of internal links for the duration of the script .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   beautifulsoup
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return the list of the sites user in the given group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the redis and number of seconds .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a list of active vm from the database .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  make   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify proxy properties for various existing bug without returning compiled results .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  compute an dtlz4 fastq string for each fastq character based on ns docs scores .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate random seed for generating random string :return: the random string :rtype: string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a url from the current contributions .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the inverse of a parseresults integer n .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the scheduler page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decodes data to mark a normal nonwhitespace if neccessary is false .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a database .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  run   a
truth:  has   django

test:  returns the clip of the given message .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  given a file or directory and a python header .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  given   return
truth:  read   read

test:  load and return a .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  convert   reading
truth:  input   input

test:  computes the trimmed group of invalid values along the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the meta_resource_type is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the indices of the elements in the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a list of cones as input values .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  split   a

test:  fit all execute_table5 in no-op .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  fit   distribution
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall one or several pyenv .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  if arg is an element .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  if   stack
truth:  pack   variables

test:  scenario are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  count   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  build standard doctypes for a section or section .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   a
truth:  module   module

test:  returns the local network connectivity of a node .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   node

test:  escapes common name in and converts newlines to an identifier .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the current operating system .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  view   view

test:  return the users dependencies of the css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  yield iterator by eliminating the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if the output has write access to the specified output .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log an option with a logical option value .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  check if the directory is a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights for the given collectionsummarymodel or db_property .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a single column within the right supported by a bytearray .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the tile row in a tile config file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the percentage of tags from a tag string .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should return invalid invalid path if given .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a first first sequence of the given sequence containing a float .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make a custom plot .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  create finding log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  write   a

test:  add a collection of hosts and optional ones to user its ok returns: none if user does not own or ok .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  add   null
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  return the absolute error path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to special rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado http client to perform http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  type delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  filter out the ngram of a sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  serve the permission from the backend .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  some simple fixtures .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  null   null

test:  return all the modjk cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  test   run
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes a container .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  deletes   auto
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  given two tasks .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  find   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return module info based on phone .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   helper
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  evaluate expressions from a group .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the effects of override_system_resolver() .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  override   override

test:  return the config object from config whether it is a dict or not .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run a child node on the given node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  run   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  looks to see if salt is installed .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  return   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the device pointer for temporary targets .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  null   get
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch to seconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  return the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  finds   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the twisted test suite .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   equivalent
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  test temporal and inv_efunc numbers of docstrings .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   array
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clean up the temporary directory and return the start of the post containing bouncer .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an json-compatible if the given parent likelihood .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the information of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that a printable certificate is of certificate private certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  scans script files from single path .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  teardown   files
truth:  files   files

test:  add protobuf keys for projection entity .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  url-safe : random integer part of a given prime .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  draws   null

test:  convert the binary oldest value into the log code .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  display   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of reachable to the msbuild report .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  convert   nodes
truth:  determines   null

test:  test the use of the user api .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get the locale .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  parse   reseller_prefix
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the network netmask and optional ip on the subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read unicode character as a dictionary .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   json

test:  run other transform as expected results or as a python transform .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  to   test

test:  return the volume tags for the given volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  called   scan
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  internal method in sqlalchemy record in xml attributes .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a list of coil mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  return   up
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check localization in mutable .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build an item from a list of fragments .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  build   html
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe gdp pi gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  returns partial permissions for an existing conda environment or none .
truth: return env . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether a file is executable by the version of a file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  if   check

test:  send an element to the sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  search   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets the profile for a given user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects the user to hipchat the requests .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  given   redirect
truth:  renders   null

test:  removes common error handler from the default '192 .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  the default standard deviation used for testing output .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set the channel positions by comparing them to the left .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   update
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the function to be used with specified value .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  function   generic
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all empty twitter messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  automatically delete the thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  to   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if service is available on the system .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  "camera" objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this will return true if the current theme is enabled on a specific microsite theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns all possible rules that appear in the rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  null   strategy

test:  listen for rand_add .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke an privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   version

test:  build a query_file for a package .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  removes   field
truth:  make   a

test:  opens a db flags .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a task or raise if it does not exist .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   lists
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : exclusive_or_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  internal helper .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sequence of sequence x and nested sequence type .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the zero of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the number of seconds for the given path .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   load
truth:  save   null

test:  commits a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  bench   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a method that makes sure the method corresponding to the sync module .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  build   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  same as qutebrowser .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize; python string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  unquote   convert
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that uuid correctly handles basic uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the currently set as a rule .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for an tool file needed when hovering is being needed .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform path to a uri uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if a version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  set a dictionary of all the classes in the order .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test dateline for maxima .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the webapp status cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  if tornado is designed to handle a temporary list .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  generate filename to add valid project name to disk group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  function   get
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans up any callable compile compile back into previous task .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  to   job

test:  update an existing comment form .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  compute vertices of straight nodes in a cluster .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate a key from interactive installation of oauth form: kernels .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns only the first item in the filter command .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   user

test:  return upsert_data() url corresponding to the same name on courtesy examples .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  return the number of keys in all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  this function returns a courseware object associated with the courseware as a list of topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a function with target weights .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  code   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  refine a string or true value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract all tags in the given comment keywords .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  do   iterator
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  convert newlines to numeric characters in it .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request reset of students as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   reset
truth:  to   request

test:  a custom binary operator with expression objects .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  extract the sqlalchemy flow from an ec2 instance .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a relative path using pip install and filename .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function checks if versions of versions that was used by the precision .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a suffix .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris report .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  given a dict of key pair where each key is found in an estimated that will return a dict of dicts of a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  given   method
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates the users password matches the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the content from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find nid in sls by id .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the predicate .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that task mapping can be loaded .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  return a list of rows from the log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   connectivity
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   encodes
truth:  adapted   null

test:  find the best setuptools version of a given url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  returns   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  execute an instance of the cls: method .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random colors in the order model .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the format string of seconds in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test readparser validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return whether the compositing compositing compositing is enabled and determine if we are enabled in an line-by-line compositing only if x11 .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the current assignment .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  a generator to find all python files in directory that arent in a given directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  yield   path

test:  get all iam vpc connection details .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the line into a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that we can be able to use text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize a 'configparsercanonlyserializedictionaries representation to a file .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   lines
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert input_bytes to encoding .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  generate members for the cls that is just a table of the coordinates .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  make   a

test:  list all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  the number of sequences that are allowed to be tiles .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  return data from the indicated instance-limited functions .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  return   product
truth:  get   data

test:  find metadata in bucket metadata and return a dict describing all accesses metadata files .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian number to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  combine many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  convert   replaces
truth:  null   bag

test:  this is needed to yield a datetime in time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a list of applications with the given deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the l[i] mean of the values in the kivy rank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  find   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  test symlink gl backend for glance folders of cat .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  test   null
truth:  need   need

test:  get all modified files for provided dict[file] and name .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the list of all themes names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  extract and return socketfd flags .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  getting   convert
truth:  receive   a

test:  given a unix timestamp .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  request access link to another task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  given a list of svn .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  make   inverse
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting known bugs .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  construct a sound struct version from the os .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a url is an absolute content .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the value of a particular old changes .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  replace maxfilter-formatted scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that returns an api method that places and return the scenario .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   factory

test:  evaluate the operation negative index .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  work   set
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the unix temp directory .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate an id or removing "+" methods in an object .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  require an empty handler .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  require   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns url to resolve a provided url appropriate for the given route .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  test whether a url is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test the save report method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  start interface used by interfaces cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  start   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the repository variations for a repository on the received repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  patch tells .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  patch   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  generate valid serial code for valid serial serial format .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  init   =
truth:  split   split

test:  check if an apache python python python python python python python python python platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  package   package

test:  deletes a django management type .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  test   size
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   z

test:  try to convert a queue to a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if: representation of a vector .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  for models which have multiple site site site beat .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   coordinates
truth:  null   mode

test:  rebuild docker-compose .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  limiting   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  verify an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   request
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively convert the given node to the given node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  creates   converts
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return a dissims tree of the vectors tree from each of the vm .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  function to check if the standard syntax is obtained by the standard out .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip the case of the re .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  iterate over a time as d in the sequence .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  iterate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  returns a validator registered for the models .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return all exclude symbols starting at the given expression .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   exclude
truth:  yield   null

test:  get the fetch of a path from the entire consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  query   consul

test:  generates the sphere main function step .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   sample
truth:  generates   a

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if powershell can be read and all ran fine .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return benchmark .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the suffix of a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  '%slayercount%s message types .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   config
truth:  print   print

test:  composite -> int generator for two matrices by a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  return existing html tool file apps .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  search   a
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints out the data passed into location .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   helper
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value from the send vault for a particular path .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   map
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a handle and numeric keys of environment variables .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  migrate given environment .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  migrate   settings
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients of arma process header : int number of arma matrices .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   frills
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  get repository header name from repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   current

test:  get a database name of a user to check if users users users users exists .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  get   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  set   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general types that we find in a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  used by ridiculously returns: none for a too process .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  used   create
truth:  null   method

test:  registers a machine should be executed upon instance .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  execute command down the stdin .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  command   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  computes the mail as params to pass to the server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  source   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the current datetime to the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  records   records

test:  parses command comments from the command line .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  command   package
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the l1 kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the reversed pointer as a cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fork -> int get a process where pid is being reported .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  null   function
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the sphinx description of a feed model .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop drop database args: filename: : int .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return none if passed in the object is safe for suds .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump details of a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  dump   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  lead k]x confirming function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure only the javascript rule will be lists against this format: lists .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the disk logs of an output space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a byte string .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  concatenate role to find the role sizes .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  be   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  configure the computer error classes .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  install   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return column with the given shape and column as a .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a simple way to return a list of available index .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  null   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  build a multipart upload key string to a multipart upload descriptor for model .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  build   handler
truth:  encode   a

test:  constructs an asset id that was uniquifier using a timestamp .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available hub sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the string of analytics by analytics table .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version 4 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  serialize object w and prepare the historysaved\n---' .
truth: save history . 
test:  serialize   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to catch the http requests and the given request level is the same http put it to restore other whitespaces .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  change   change

test:  ensure that the container is enabled .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to the arguments type .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait until the prompt command output .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  group warnings of an warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  config   port
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return a list of domain objects for the given domains and classes .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  method to add a setting to an existing setting settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the number of cookies stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the world device sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly extract a single tabular sentence into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for this dynamic attribute .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clears cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert free ori status code to fixed ori format .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   sql
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return the authentication url for the given url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read the data from a file and return the open bytes .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  checks if the names of the *args argument passed into the specified function .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads the given session and returns it .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing a list of strings .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   helper
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  load a vispy png file .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the text on the current line or the corresponding integer .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new xml user .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a protected .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always step into account .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  step   step

test:  require a mysql network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that parallel and ignores parallel .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  test   text
truth:  null   null

test:  given an translated clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test matlab matlab function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all available files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   uninstall
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a toc_path name response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  given   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  return a course cart items that can be considered expired or any cart in the course .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over the z3 tests .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  compute   tests
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a generator for a single iterable .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that returns the 'home' of the template to call another page .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  view   equivalent
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect the users parent of this model .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set of filenames and return a set of ast .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   ntp
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   convert
truth:  read   a

test:  return the orphaned vdis for each list .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  return the default stim reference .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  return   resource
truth:  default   stim

test:  handle cached data mine for cached .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  does   func
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a url parameter associated with a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  compile ast flags and return a list of those objects .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for testing .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   words
truth:  put   put

test:  an simple sanity check for a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  capture a couple lti index given 360 values .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  generate   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the secure line of a yaml line .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  update   update

test:  raise a connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  error   list
truth:  if   test

test:  reads all files from a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to the creator from the given creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy a string into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  provides   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  same as a and ]j items from iwhile if a and 1 are equal .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a vm by name .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  filelinks: on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   resolves
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvalue centrality .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert geographic .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  given   a
truth:  time   time

test:  outputs two outputs .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  null   up
truth:  -   -

test:  remove an object senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete the query .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the first user_id_or_name for the package or id if exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a string starts with a known windows .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a member from a member object .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  issue   merging
truth:  default   default

test:  change the group of a string group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   null

test:  installs one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  installs   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send order invoice after order invoice .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   view
truth:  email   email

test:  return the first item in the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  build an installed backend into a triangulated backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry is properly returned in first .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  prepare multipart files for multipart directives .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler group .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a user can download the defined group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  proportions_chisquare -> gpuelemwise(gpu_from_host) .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   optimization
truth:  null   null

test:  splits string into a list .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  null   function
truth:  process   a

test:  split attributes according to be labeled .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  split   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of lists in the input graph .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all privs' cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the maximum with a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test you monitor link in mininet()/topo() once .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   network
truth:  control   control

test:  returns a string to be used as a single renderer .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  convert one-hot array to zs[ array parameters double : array-like linkage of bool array .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the last element in django .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to trigger a docker instance .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply all fct fct .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  apply   profile
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if any element a and b are the same as nan .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  compare   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether a user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_policies .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a file is run by the path .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read the transaction .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  clear   metadata
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group types for project_id to group type for project_id .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   group
truth:  access   access

test:  get directory data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  check if config vars will be used by the tls url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the html directive string or multiindex and the corresponding amazon values from the given node .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the sigmoid function of even elements of the given list of samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a commands[name]except by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all existing file name from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit edit edit given user is in a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  add an event using its value name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  pressing   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  determines the index of the close model .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  determines   find
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a {'pool' pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ipsecsiteconnection
truth:  create   a

test:  tim a vector of the points .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  create a complete cluster .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  configures the "approve attribute and returns a sleekxmpp object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  make a 2d transform to an item .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  does this substitution you have the output in each item in this context .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return default notifications for user when cache are requested .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   notifications

test:  hex n_ones for evaluation but with non-ascii asserts .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the restful handler for this request .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   function
truth:  verify   signature

test:  given a dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  filename password hash value .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  password   try
truth:  ask   null

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of a user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  read mm_stamp stk blowing and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of groupings for the specified matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes some func() domain .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the first credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dictionary containing dbms authentication credentials to be used .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns optional html of the optional pages .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  download   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get the current region for an identity region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  check if the current working stream is available in this format:: recurrence .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a query of the datastore for the given datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a virtualenv for the projects virtualenv for a given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  enable   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  a script that returns a new engine .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  removes list of import items in a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the cartesian of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a sorted list of courses for the given location .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  remove the provided home directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  remove   handler
truth:  file   file

test:  a function which accepts the arguments of a stack of all the classes in the passed variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dict of type collector which is used in imapfoldersyncstatus sinusoids .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  display   display

test:  add a present in target .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a summary of the file and values of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a container id or name passed as the container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  create a sql frame object from the given flavor and return keys .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a description of a sequence .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  make options and pad enabled .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export export description .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return sailthru when a new user is created by correct identifier .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  gets a json object from the given path parameters .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  input   option
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the '<ipaddress>' address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates an appropriate number of bits for visualization with some nonzero stock .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   data

test:  test the full issues .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the universal climate covers .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract a file-like object from the given default .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  print   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write the string to a file descriptor in a standard way .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  gets json data from google session .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  called   session
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  chained iterable .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   call
truth:  chained   a

test:  create_app the files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  migrate   calculate
truth:  empty   null

test:  set and return a list of tuples to be the required providers .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  update download user profile profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a native html file paths that looks like a pathname .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  return a roulette from individuals with the input *individuals* using *k* algorithm .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  return   find
truth:  select   null

test:  get data from an analyzers database .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   observatory
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  unconditionally test for testing testing parameters nose : bool whether to run of a test .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean flowgrams and end of a file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  a generator .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  function   setup
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the url of the server .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  group a container by name .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  verifying   *
truth:  print   a

test:  return the number of days in y if not a square product .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convolve   x

test:  a unique data point matrix if y are any two arrays .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  finds and return the executable for a given module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  determines   networks
truth:  import   import

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  return   return

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the managed options and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  calculate the total number of the contacts for x .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  calculate   encoder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the inverse:long worker assigned to the computers .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   like
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop a process by sending its name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  combines a channel .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the difference of the nodes in a and b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to a destination file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse model gives the same result as sparse .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  view the dbms view of a particular server .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  view   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix quotas for driver hierarchy .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  retrieve all completions of a given object into a list of records .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   info

test:  returns the desktop .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates a dict with formatted tags from a list of member tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  take   a

test:  used in html forms output of encounters forms .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  to   null

test:  this function does nothing special characters in hio]if .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return user application .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding used by encoding name .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  return   up
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a dict of package information as a string representing the package version or not .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  key for bookmark .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the maximum 3 3 form of the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct optelse columns from a python object .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   a

test:  read the contents of the specified secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  read   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode next data to display for a string as parameter to use as parameter .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  array   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  by data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  assemble   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  given an views .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  null   view
truth:  make   a

test:  convert user name to a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a collection of error factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a ']if escape function .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  null   lines
truth:  return   a

test:  pop the lines of the pop .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  show json user to show it .
truth: list all users . 
test:  order   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a worker to reach the given worker time .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  check bem transforms .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  to   helper

test:  apply a signal to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  catches   a
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate over the first and debug output as the rest api .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  command   calls
truth:  sorted   null

test:  returns the first null matrix for the null hypothesis is just a wrong distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  return a filename for the bypasses hash file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   verifies
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the number of seconds in the passed by *route_dist* .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  is   null

test:  yield corpus characters in a corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  split the defaultdict to defaultdict .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator which will be called very function as a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  context   factory
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database context .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   type

test:  sign a directory that may or may not be installed in src .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  set a database to the database via tweaks system .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return an element or none .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a surfaces using warning: .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  open a 3d tree at which trees has the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  open   current
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a path to the package that already exists .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  add   list
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  ensures that the items in the stack is an instance of a threshold process .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fiff to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper encoding .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  open   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set a time .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  same as as_sparse_variable by organization .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple set of l{requestgenerationfailed} of l{requestgenerationfailed} to be run as a rounding the default reason user is made by a given reason .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns an optionparser in the form .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the csrf token required by use in modules .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   none
truth:  context   processor

test:  return a group and group components used for qcow2 and depends .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read tab chunks from file-like chunks and return the data as a single string .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  given 2 label for the models that contain models .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build subscriptions for a document .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  build   subscriptions
truth:  get   subscription

test:  run a list of ipv6 addresses in addresses .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  run   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  accepts a buffer from a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure that theres users inside the current users group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   group
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns an encoded legendre digest of a given block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  returns   metrics
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  to   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  make a hash of data hash .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns a tuple with name parameter names and values of the python interpreter .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no results .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape and convert some data in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   jose
truth:  escape   a

test:  the utility function for sequences of an entry .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if *seq* contains one element of *seq* and *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  always return false .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  echo -> str get a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return a security group rule from the project id .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a given user is present .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create some sort of interactive window if the users preference say we the users or docked window of interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the action is one or more than one even .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the mock is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration migration object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if object is a mapping of variable .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load instances from a module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with the given timeout .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  helper function to compute labels in a computenode change from a finance change .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  split a pathname into a drive archive .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return a list of topics with a name or id cli example: .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the greedy policy for each sentence of a given number of times .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check and return images are available using an images level .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of id or a filter not separate by the type of a .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a string form of strings .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop information section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns true if obj is repr or a module object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table and nftables command in the table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the request matches the given request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string as a string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the value from iterable values .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the stylesheet button to be used in elasticsearch .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return true if item is a sequence .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  reverse of pathname .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns a handler for an entry in the git tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the algorithms of graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  answer a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  allows   lock
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the given runner and return the result .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all items items for all available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   map
truth:  template   template

test:  constructs a pydot record format format in the dll/exe file .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  export   method

test:  python2 of the main rdfvalue note: i can make sure that the base table is not very csf .
truth: process part . 
test:  null   discover
truth:  process   part

test:  change permissions for escaping names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  if   use
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  return a list of the best best matrices .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the list of versions to a given package .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   endpoint
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when the process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a list of class name .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  import   a

test:  test that named and bug have the iterator of st .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get crafted string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a result value .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  return   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert network bucket paths as complex .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   send
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps output for our user id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 row and with col names provided in an array delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  text   collections
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return keyboardinterrupts .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterable of unique elements from iterable as unique id .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a view of the provided context as an kalite template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   view
truth:  render   a

test:  test the final logs of a block component .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   logging
truth:  if   check

test:  remove offers tab if it exists .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a string into an url .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  extract   slug

test:  view page specified in list of /etc/shells and cause them .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  called   null
truth:  get   page

test:  output output of all output nodes in cell information .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  output   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  do request to upgrade any upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  request   return
truth:  to   try

test:  release a release version .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  release   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  jacobian of matrices representing a vector of order n .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor version information to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  shows a exit framework file if it is comments or not all lines of the output .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shows   parameters
truth:  quit   null

test:  helper to read the api put request and return the json as a generic formatter .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled important' .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the best match for indexing .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  change password to preselected password and handles the user as an new user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  password   sets
truth:  view   view

test:  write syslog-ng configuration .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  write   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download 'swarm- directory and assure it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  generates the scipy n-th coefficient for a vector by the specified number of sigma_hat .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  generates   device
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given the encoded hash parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a few parameters .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  issue   character
truth:  shows   a

test:  the restful method for "tempfile .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the eventlet .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the item is a hash for being a hash object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression expression comma assignment_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that make_pairs is bad in static files .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test reading raw data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return the addresses for a file in the file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  find   files
truth:  given   grep

test:  sentry or disable options packed .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  serialize   return
truth:  config   config

test:  return the next version of a string with next characters .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax endpoint to search a media .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  if the background engine is running .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  if   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  use apropriate for what this method is only used to inject the url for client-side instances .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  use   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  write a type cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  send a hup to ['restorecon' the moose parent server cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  send   returns
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string containing the python python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used by the log file .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the setting of a setting mode for a given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   a

test:  when a .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  test   break
truth:  model   a

test:  returns true if the agent is a desktop/' or false .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the requester can initialize for a content type .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  return   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  start frappe and erpnext operations .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  change   testing
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decodes a value from an address string representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  get   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return the squarefree summation of a derivation graph .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  return   splitting
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to cause auth if not provided .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  to   current
truth:  return   user

test:  decorator to convert to python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   python

test:  returns the version of the provided version and output .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp data out of the snmp data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return 'bits version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   current

test:  returns true if file cache is for an exact script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the cached content in the given location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield zero or more than 1 .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  convert a cmin under python 2 .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  convert   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a sparse matrix .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get the shape of the input variable .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  get   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an enum string from the given descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  add   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the given callables .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is enabled under boot cli example:
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  assert that unknown outputs the same way as expected .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transliterate unicode characters to unicode string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over those features as a list of features .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  list   script
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an thepassedexpressionisnotanoperator' basis for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  unlock a certificate from the given certificate to remove the password the password the password the password to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  unlock   a
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server to the local time .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  print a user and check its name .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt float with aes markers .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypt   inverse
truth:  based   null

test:  save the device to the database .
truth: register the device . 
test:  save   null
truth:  register   register

test:  split a sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the fake number of payment sorting to fake payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers of a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   version
truth:  remove   containers

test:  returns the modified resource found in the package or grain directory .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  merge two dictionaries by first dictionary or dictionary .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces the string text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge two critical objects from the values .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   up
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of available network devices for the xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically exempt select an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  logarithmic   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import a package .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  test   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  print out data matrix for referrer .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  print   update
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate a k[x] polynomial h .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract a single tabular sentence into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ask the number of characters for the given string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  use arp arp ip address to check the arp of src to be changed .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  use   back
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a file system <fs_type> on partition <device> .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  return   return

test:  glusterfs quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  puts   enable
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if supported :return: the "wake events :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  the normalize-space function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  reject   transform
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  used by function/method .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  used   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  initialize server database cli example: .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  initialize   connect
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms message to one provider with the email address .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a function with an exponential polynomial delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a note['n stream details .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  null   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica of ica data .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a python program or raises an exception if iffrom is true .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   version
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a date in the given year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  update   version

test:  send pretty track and reporting account .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   field
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of salt that are unknown usage in hexadecimal .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  sets   graph
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls for the vcenter .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if the candidate command is a switch .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the given page with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   null
truth:  click   click

test:  find out a snapshot of a given id equals a named snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simple wrapper to reformat the data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  null   return
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieves the most default deviation for the most iterations .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate over fields in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a boolean indicating if a user can studio the course for a given course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  given   find
truth:  list   list

test:  compile the current pdf and returns a list of .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  compile   rgb
truth:  simplify   a

test:  returns a password hash containing ldap columns .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  returns   password
truth:  hash   a

test:  transform raw entities from a entity object .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  transform   entity
truth:  prepares   null

test:  equal_weight -> array return the fileserver of x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test gl format validation .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   test

test:  convert a parameter value to a boolean parameter .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write and remove the pickled already .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  parsing through south configuration files .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  common code for dev .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  package   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named grafana job is absent name name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns iterator over all author as a string .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the given pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  instructs 'condacreate--yes-n%s%s' .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  create   a

test:  allocate a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  du['pos'] du['pos'] weight of a directed graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config settings should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the target results of the target and the output: window .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  output   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute log from unregister except it captured as a log in an array .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  computes   null

test:  all items in sequence are unique .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   use
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy names from user dictionary .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to do a playing thing .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  exclude any value in a exclude unit'] find all exclude values .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  return   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test 'pygal-chart' chart rendering with a 'pygal-chart' chart .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns the region number that is national for the given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a matplotlib plot of title in the default numeric volume info .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  plot   image
truth:  generate   a

test:  wrapper around start .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of a human readable format .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return the pause api .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the device size of an device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   size
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether a user needs to log in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the partial colon of input input along 2 .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  takes a list of effective clause and returns a csv string .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  takes   html
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of normal assumes x is a sound normal distribution parameters x : array_like returns y: : array_like 1-d array of high-pass returns y: array .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  require filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the default files .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  read   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host and the host location from the container .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string containing a list of tuples of each line of a given alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  perform a json result of the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g to a file of graph .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  the windows date of the current year .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake yield config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the instapush notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found as a directory where where where where where where where should be supplied as a list will be supplied as a will be
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the buffer used by the current thread .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  copies the prefix for the given filename and the final fields .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience method to update the exclude parser .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with django lines replaced by a single newline characters .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get a default aws key .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects source in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   print
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of tuples in the database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a datetime object from the specified event .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  convert data into a thread tuple .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the replacement} traversal of a node from node1 arguments .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  a trailing a job id that the prefix belongs to a determine a trailing algorithm .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether field is a percent of components .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse dates in restride period .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  null   null

test:  save a **delete** xml file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  unregister   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if filename is a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  destroys log code outside of debug app .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  print bar bar positions for the bad position in show line .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  print   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the feature hosted group .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke html during task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   handler
truth:  revoke   task

test:  retrieves the difference between two points and b .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allow a command to be ps as a total session .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  command   runs
truth:  start   a

test:  load current auth for server response .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  prefix   current
truth:  load   current

test:  check a protobuf test .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  check   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  test attributes field_type extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock the millimeters .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  enables   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse separators character data in list of words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add an object to the queue and will return a message if one exists .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   sets
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return a dict from hex filename .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert a string as an argument to a boolean .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   cast_expression
truth:  to   attempts

test:  format a timestamp for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  render an alert snippet as you would see in a browsing display .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  the received directory of this dependency is in the given format .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that allows the given object as tuple of function arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: separator -> language .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  configures warning behavior of warnings .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   hook
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize the theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   parameters
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  attach a stored configuration handler for the pwnlib .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  attach   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  read in the current element that need to be read under left .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  given   custom
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion reallocation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  control   control

test:  parameter parameter to the '/gist/ spec .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user is being used in environment variables .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a string of a single length .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in the cursor immediately object .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  creating   mark
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a dict from json cache file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  runs a command and wait for it onto a remote exit .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  escape name .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  name   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test name of a directory .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  if context is called .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse namecoin data to determine which dict is a dict .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the list of message objects for a given list of perlican art .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the log likelihood of a log probability against x .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard filter filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a line where the first image should be moved .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   mean
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer or unicode string to unicode .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the key name for a key that the prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result of the given obj .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  quit processing callback for maxpool2d applications .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  processing   like
truth:  like   like

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a dictionary where the value is any negative counts for a particular object .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   correct
truth:  null   field

test:  read a buffer from the given shape and return a numpy array .
truth: return major . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   return

test:  load a given revision file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer contains one mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the resource should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  returns the file at mode .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether or not we have a valid python module .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  check   return
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a class .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns true if file path cache is for an object .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handles a query compile a deep query string .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  handles   values
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with two mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  create   a

test:  yield items to object that {all_tenants: a peeled refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   info

test:  check if the tool is xml schema .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the pecl version for the location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  return a scipy of the cc-establishment forms .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  prints a warning and return a substring .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  convert collection in collection to a string .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  connect to production configurations if the same directory are exist .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  clear the theme class object .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  clear   use
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy that are a proxy proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  creates an individual module from a given list of callbacks .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the elements in the nested tuple .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   get
truth:  nested   get

test:  parse result matrix headers and headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert groups to be returned in a dictionary .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  map   map

test:  return the lock of value .
truth: lock file . 
test:  read   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  compute a jwt name for an api response .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get vlm_media coverage dict for a given grid of syncs .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc extensions into http toc path .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure the named user is invalid .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  render   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a qos and q .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert a string or value to human classic type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a composite transform of two floating point by b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test that distances are correctly .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of all p[pn] by the given key .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the default box' method is a class .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut of a given python object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   a

test:  compare an array of components .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  code   mute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open a transport keys to get transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  open   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct a loop which is inside the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one and only one and the buffer includes the schemes object object object object .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  fixture for a crash item .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  notify   initialization
truth:  null   item

test:  call a function wait for the given timeout .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   call
truth:  func   func

test:  get salts .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   color
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a validator that .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in maintenance cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return a providers_list object from the most periodic or v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within this topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate an image .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  points   points

test:  take a list of breadcrumbs and create a breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  take   create
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops of the points inside the given loop .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert any cygwin cygwin string to a python date .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the name of a dict to a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  a test runner for image_file in templates .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  grab   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper to send radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from the existing list of lsm .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   converts
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the name of the working directory for the given dev .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   current

test:  finds the given audio .
truth: get streams . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   streams

test:  return true if there are any duplicate elements in the human readable form .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  check whether the shape is an compatible type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the named tour is tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the rectangle id of a acid doctest by an mpttmodel object .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the url to check if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send an api call to hipchat server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  returns a wtforms stub for the specified request .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return data to a provided project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url from a url into a relative url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  output ora utility .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  taken   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  test if a path is a filesystem .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a value is a valid dns key .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   move
truth:  provide   null

test:  given a string representing a string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  altinit the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  return the running resource from the database with a json graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the vm with the vm specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and re-add m in x_j in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  return the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the output of a given doc .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid oct .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read in the contents of a file as a numpy line .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if the directive definition contains the specified directive in the intercept .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  add a problem to a list of items in which page is true .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return the base filename from the given filename .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  generate the dictionary containing the definitions from data and place them before the same keys in data input .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  restores   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; path; should be supplied as a
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a vector or numpy array to a theano dtype and return it .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  convert   item
truth:  like   like

test:  return a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  return   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  try to build partial executable using wire_encode .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  support   install
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  method using collapsed_md .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  using   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the flash messages for the current thread .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in an ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  get a boolean from the argument .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the constraint name for a constraint type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  given   a

test:  return default commands for given zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  null   try
truth:  default   default

test:  a average between all possible nodes .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  sample   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  edit mappings are book on all available dhcp-host subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload filename: package .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   june
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test 404 as a simple datetimeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   arrays
truth:  test   a

test:  converts a linear ranking of a si distribution .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  generates the arguments for the given source file .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  source   source

test:  sss['sss -> r^1 .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  usage   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a keys propagated to download .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a numeric enum string to an enum .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  flatten a tensor with one tensor variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  attempt to determine a group of a given term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  destroy   session

test:  a convenience function to make the named graph nodes available in g .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a glance image :returns: the url to glance .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of length - built-in if it exists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform an image by some meansim .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  perform   calculate
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  complete prefix for logging markers .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  based   null

test:  make a predicate function with a passf .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched of the user id .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  add a new hosts to json compatible parameter .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer conversion is properly handled by gpu .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to connect to the specified system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  get all the roles of the available roles which the user has been created .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine if a timestamp is allowed to top of the given timestamp .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract method .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  view decorator that serious the benchmarks of a view and type_qualifier .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random element of length particularly deferred given by individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   find
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance in the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to inject git command for when it is being executed .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  null   a
truth:  git   git

test:  type is a year after system shouldnt return it .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   test

test:  returns a llvm function for old module llvm llvm target .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   create
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the value of memcache keys in the memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test the default timeout setting for timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches this explicitly removes head from a list of remote branches .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for pip .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  based   null

test:  compute the value in a configuration .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  default implementation of rabbitmq connection .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch changes from the default remote repository .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  generate a real version string for a certain action quality .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  releases   a
truth:  log   history

test:  use serial port for switch messages .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  report   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  like unix username} .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  null   try
truth:  call   call

test:  equate of the point in the z mainloop .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  point   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db in orange for each call within column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  convert image to four in where each element is cloud .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uses the given audio stream to represent the movie to be used in a previous stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  called   null

test:  given a template tag that a page the base url to a page the base page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  given   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event object .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   python
truth:  injects   null

test:  test the test configuration options .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge a module in one function .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merge   f
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  to   update
truth:  config   config

test:  given a user object .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instead of the given object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  remove a named file .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a raised and derivatives on master frames .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the callable corresponding to the function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a quota or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  sets the gpu memory for cudnn .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  sets   prints
truth:  set   set

test:  use this function to put doc[i] .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  installs   null
truth:  append   append

test:  view a single member principal .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  replaces   custom
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the initial penalties .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  formats the given message as a string and always returning the resulting host string .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  formats   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list table with no more than one index order .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a string argument to dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create a filter function that creates multiple filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  filter   filter

test:  dynamically reload the given command and handle its current session .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch -> forrt test for :func:idz_sfrm .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a dict from email .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the current thread .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  returns a list of sorted images containing groups for each reverse method .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  stops a container name container name or id refresh force a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in order to sort keys in ascending key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a list of a country codes from number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of management account id for p['website language .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  account   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  given   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is not too long within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  annotate words on the tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   calculate
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through zero or more nagios (same .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  default   transforms
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda conda path in the given prefix .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  convert the vertex indices to a source space .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  convert   dictionary
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read the command from the traffic_line definitions .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   list
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new wsgi application for the signal .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   attempts
truth:  create   create

test:  make an chacha20 .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   names
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  performs :nth-last-child() .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  run   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a list of the elements of an array .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render text from the bokeh notation in an ends with the given context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the keys of a selection .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a list of all the candidate candidate directory .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  calculates sorted positions of two search table .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a numpy array into a mixed kind of a mixed kind .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  null   variant

test:  api endpoint for temporary files .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find raw events in two events .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   test
truth:  if   test

test:  pass pass into an absolute path structure of a python module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  take   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of projects associated with the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the start and end ga notation for a pair of today .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   dataset
truth:  return   return

test:  eip eip fail to error on invalid request .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   error
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository given a "iso .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add the fiedler complex from a loop into a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  apply a list of target names to the target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  delete passwords url .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  request   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return true if the name is a subprocess .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   change
truth:  if   check

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  unshares   activity
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available locales .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application the sites consumes application .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  control   display
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  helper for news newline newline should only in tuple cix .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  convert a table or group to a strong degree for a given degree .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to etreefor .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  use   a
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get carved text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  text   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a file is a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  simple controller to print bookmark tags and bookmarks from a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find a container from the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  converts nodes for nodes or a production node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   a

test:  download a dictionary with a valid requisite .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  download   password
truth:  pass   in

test:  run a string on a circle container .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema in a dict whose keys are namespace prefixes and values are namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  if a resource class should be cast as a dict .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  returns a list of media_list_player its media library library .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  get   media

test:  merge all filters .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return where the given connection is enabled .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get all the circle centers from the intersection intersection loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert all character in string to string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test if we are able to connect to a task .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  ensure   app
truth:  if   test

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the namespaces of the current machine .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   information

test:  return a requestcontext for bulk requests@login .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  return   function
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   return
truth:  increments   element

test:  returns a tuple of integer and return a valid int .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  show the raid info for volumes mounted information .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to find out an executable command .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   null
truth:  update   update

test:  execute code in name will run supervisorctl .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  find and return the interact on a separate server .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  view   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check the server via root .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  check   command
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  find a first extended controller in a list of: directory filtering invoking slash in the given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts a property array and embedded embedded positional value .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  go   null

test:  creates a testcase to test the flocker_volume_options class which given yaml class will pass into an implementation class .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  using   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a given path to the server .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a handle to the connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   compute
truth:  p   p

test:  validate the linear and y in x as comments are different modes: .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats a string like l{unicode .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  formats   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the contents of a file containing the version of the file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file and offsets .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add current survey to the json table .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  update   json
truth:  null   null

test:  yields a full path to the given tree .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the '/resources/<resource>/meters/<meter>/volume/max' contained in a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image from the selected image .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   a
truth:  embed   album

test:  generates the name of the filesystem extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n x n items of iterable n times .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  using   null

test:  evaluate a 2d vector to y .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a + b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to base .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  build questions for a given series_id if the complete_id is also provided for a given series_id .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a notebook token to a text file system .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets returns a dictionary describing the named targets dictionary of targets for the target .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build a url if required .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  return allocated vnc ports about the vnc vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  warning: this function does not display an exception on a previous exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  be   code
truth:  check   check

test:  the idea .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   method
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a stack name .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the module name for the configuration .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert the description string to carve to parse description .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure the user is unknown .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  solves   problem

test:  creates a task to generate a given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  empty : id .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean true/false version of boto and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a new context to the context .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   helper
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile on an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   a

test:  used instead of _ when creating translationproxies .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  used   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return horizontal and right vector .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  perform a request to output api method .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  retrieves the service urls for the given service name .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return the encoding contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  send the translations to the given translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   releases
truth:  translated   append

test:  return full config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   users

test:  check if a volume spec is invalid .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  check   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an object c{obj} .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  given   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  inverse of matrices .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a unicode string of a given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if user can naive a requests address from the host .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert small enough units to n as a number .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  round the value .
truth: get the round . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation of the given dataset with given rows and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  null   add
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name and the version of a string if it isnt none .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  text   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  tries to cleanup the version of xml .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  moves the keys contained by a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  compute gradient of x targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  output   dropout
truth:  -   -

test:  given a list of files or parents .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  send notification message at least two email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime in unix datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  is   null

test:  a validating test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  make   list
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the energy of the violin response object .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  null   response

test:  get a list of locations locations .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  gets   input
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the bdy bdy sets of g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test {u'mean' .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  simple sequences of gprefs[u'auto .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given list is a tuple .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary with match coefficients .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  matching   d
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  project project position and mails requests .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the current cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an instance to a function .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  save   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  check if a string is a valid white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is never used for easily post requests .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  if holiday falls on next places .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   holiday

test:  compute an vbl reorders string from a vbl list .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieves all the service identified by the api args: filename: : the path to hide returns: none as an earlier or path of a users .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that changes the stdout output .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  returns   pull
truth:  list   list

test:  given an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  notify   system
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arr arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if appbundle is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute prlsrvctl prlsrvctl cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  build a floating point domain into a single 'features' and return a dictionary of the total attributes .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a generator object .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the windows environment into one or more interpretation .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  construct   new

test:  write the list of display current instance to git .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the default table of the given instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  query[ a unread tell from unread .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  show   return
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a will become timeout or kill seconds .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   rank
truth:  wait   up

test:  validates the current schema in segment_info format .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to get nova exceptions for a list of nova .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   method

test:  delete elasticsearch elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   try
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via prefix .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  find an instance as new ip address .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  query   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set up the netatmo devices .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is modified from the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: versionnumber this plugin allows you to put cleanup to determine if there is a build step files that will pass cleanup cleanup .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate the schema .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  if   null

test:  performs a controller on the given controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  performs   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger id .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require installed site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   alternative
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of pip cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build updates device in 6200 .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search labeled by source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   dictionary
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  compute best source source source code .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an arbitrary tensor element-wise and then because it is very because and then digits .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  creates and return a single instance of the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a 3x3 cartesian coordinates on for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic stochastic index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the branch is not active .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   dicts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume advance the iterator iterator steps as a string ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce a type to a bool value .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   check
truth:  value   value

test:  count the given value of 0 or the most free api .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  count   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking wheter .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  blocking   non

test:  return true if x is a sequence .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  return an tidy string containing a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if a pid exists in the current process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  load a storage object from a file .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  load   class
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads and commits the os'] provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap for _merge_log_error directory .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   create
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  runs the work process on a file by one or more not in a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path from filepath .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of sort objects .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the given function as attribute *attr* and implementing them in nopython mode .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a project filename .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   a
truth:  if   test

test:  return the object like an object like that the specified user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  neighbor discovery neuralnet 2 .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the global environment variable name for the database .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  will set modified timestamp for objects in appropriate date and log them .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  modified   sets

test:  display a specific snmp server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  display   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert plugin into an iterables .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a dict containing the names and length of the files inside the given path .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find all existing directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   module
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a somehow string to a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  determine if the python version is supported by a class .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging transport in the given notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert n into group of n dimensions .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  format   format

test:  test that when we can be initialized on a dict .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  test   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket closing and socket .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a function that returns a no-op .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  enables   a

test:  read event manager from media list .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  labels   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the line that occur .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete topic password page .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  view   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a function that can be used as a trace .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the score at the specified labels .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : ref_type | definition_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  find all comments with a dash comment postfix notes: * useful for automatic the end of the postfix it * mysql the postfix or begin code .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path segments from radians .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   path

test:  return the time in seconds since last reload of usec .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all backups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a directory .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   remove
truth:  order   order

test:  check for a vector .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  for repository .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  dictionary   generate
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first element in a matrix .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   expand
truth:  find   image

test:  return the skeleton matrix nearest notation .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  return   rows
truth:  given   integers

test:  return an html response object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  internal call .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   send

test:  use this decorator to add common exceptions to the given argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  implement mandlebrot check the supplied grid where clause is a threshold sequence .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  constructs   null

test:  make proxy environment for bypass urls in the environment vars .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  read   proxy

test:  read the folder and return a list of directories .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project or project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a render_document file and then load files to npz .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the default templates for a sequence of templates in in-memory .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the path to the rar group containing a group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  get true if the prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  yields http response as response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  chunks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception if the specified activity activity .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  raises   null

test:  if the request for an ajax request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  null   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the base class object .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns characteristics of the environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all available compiler flags from a feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if s is a generator .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  export a course if it doesnt exist .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  export   export
truth:  check   check

test:  return the list of emphasizing objects as a list of dicts .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic conflicting gaussian2d class .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively resolve a property object .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  wrapper function that creates modified time in the input cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  check   null
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of paths and values .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  return   symbols
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a dictionary of all lines found in a process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a json formatted counter format .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a value is a valid dns list of http connections .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   authorization

test:  returns the kth tensor of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  returns   reduction
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return server dict describing all files and decoded from a specified environment .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  parse the server/portal flag status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  assign text to text using an output of the text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  code   print
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the fully version as tuple example:: .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the id of a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  read the appropriate stream as a document .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist plus expr | list of ruleitem | expr gt expr | expr divide expr | expr power expr .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset keyboard module to the vo sdk .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  resets   null

test:  return whether wsgi host making a wsgi host for wsgi host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   downloads
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random temporary file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package specification for the specified package and package .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array or none .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string only tell all cypher characters .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a unauthorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a byte string representation .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  accepts a file descriptor to child processes in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  require   a
truth:  file   file

test:  wildcard commands .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   version
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a string to zero at a fixed stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is a valid boolean .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  given   null
truth:  find   find

test:  generate milliseconds and gigabytes milliseconds from the cassandra code to match .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   merge
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the ports markup for a given markup .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the username for a given username or settings if one is specified .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  read the compiler library if na_sentinel .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  config   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load an object from the given list of arrays .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap up calls to callback and synchronous are executed by the first argument is not run as callback .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  read the entire folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return a unitswarning representation of a uri .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the provider keys for a given <pre> character .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  value   value

test:  check the samples of other images .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return whether a user has contributor or not .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  basic gradient of itertools this function returns the autocorrelation amount of data in each element in an array .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a prodoc xml document .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the deprecated name for a config file name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  return the current html .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return instance type .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for classes into the decorated function .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the process has redis successfully .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate logic of non-string from being processed latest-first dict .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a name of the dictionary to be returned as an explicit state .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test deprecation warning work .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns boolean array by channel units .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the expected number of items in list .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  turns a list of skipfirst .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  removes out the generated public key and for the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the hypergeometric index of two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  get pcount ports from grouped port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password uri .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a date format to a python string .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url query .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run the tests tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  helper for supported args .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get geometry object from source attributes .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the file extension between two geometry output .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  expand markdown text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  if knowledge is a comment then the given list .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  if   null
truth:  enforce   a

test:  returns the closing command and enter the appropriate part of a terminal:: .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts string in lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  input description of feature .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  uninstall backend should be able to install a broken package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  open a persistent header containing csv file and write it to a file in a review .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  open   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test some png maths .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output 8 works as intended .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  compute univariate integer n .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  formats ranges for valueerror .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  square   coroutine
truth:  support   support

test:  concatenate two lists along one element in each element .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  turn   function
truth:  split   split

test:  return a unicode name from the given string or fallback .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  bytes   converts
truth:  like   like

test:  return a list of all caps for this sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  see :meth:xblock is a view function that will be used on the given page .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  classify document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the deb_postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dont display the markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  markdown   print
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  detect operation in a index or multiple operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main method for sync every request .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  set the directories and unregistering relationships within the path said .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  particular a string for sending params to complete boxes .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a counter in use .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  force   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  return a new dict with the keys of the value .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of bad log .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  multiply a slice .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  multiply   test
truth:  fix   fix

test:  from a list of grouping into a single value .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  output   output

test:  gets the user as a logical subprocess .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the style data to be a multiple of differs .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  return an epoch color of a region .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  build   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the notify notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert integer to list of sequences to factor and factor .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a uniform distribution with uniform np .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  establish protocol page .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  request   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clip the clip with an available audio volume .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate any example conflict into a directory .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  build the build path from the build file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for the given tenant and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  perform a trunk and lag uses trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a single mode using a file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  compute the standard deviations from standard normal distribution .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  takes a list of all line lists .
truth: list own . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes extra whitespace from the text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  helper function to get standard variables from standard 5 and return the result of installed names .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  function   function

test:  set the attributes of an instance .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   rgb
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  determine if the text is before and will be sparseblock .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  if   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  return the object as a byte tree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  populate   checks
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  checks if the scipy is not a scipy .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  reduce the flags by performing a list of sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a movie cost from a file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  save   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the name of the package associated with a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  return a human-readable string of a port .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all ampersands stripped .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text in single character .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   text
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of all of the zpool is installed .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for concrete tidy email after last time .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  null   options
truth:  release   release

test:  returns true if the user is authorized to .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  signal   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   handler
truth:  source   source

test:  return information about the openerp server .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  configures a content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  called   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  checks if the kex object is a break method in memory .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   convenience
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fixed-offset for a decoder for a fixed-width buffer .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print a file object .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   configure
truth:  return   return

test:  given a cors string .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  save an image to an image parameters file : array-like an image to the specified name or installed returns file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  array   return
truth:  load   load

test:  sobel sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the name of the postgresql script named filename .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   script

test:  returns the configuration value of a fallback section .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random string of externally characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  function to select white on tensorflow report .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  to   report
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   function
truth:  iterate   a

test:  return the text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a dictionary of word strings to the penn .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  check if a variable is a line of the first .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the version of the api .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   award
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make sure a function is raised .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  make   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  a decorator of api cached cached size .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if user exists return if the given tenant was created or if the tenant was newly assigned to the tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test the process lookup a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  programmatic programmatic api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   null

test:  return x: no special magic character .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  list the policies available for the given principal name .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   entities
truth:  list   list

test:  converts an visible descriptor to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a list of names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   guess
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  print a file or a records of the given precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  print   find
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert a pointer to a tensor .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  running   in

test:  check if a file is a regex we can be used as an eval file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information on which packages are not enabled .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  writes a formatd format that use the default format .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  push   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  convert   action
truth:  routing   area

test:  set attributes on prefetcher object using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic for same thing than the given seekable response .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make a function type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the word evaluators as brackets .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  initialize the disabled directory for the root repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  undo   diffs
truth:  apply   apply

test:  import a single tool .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  import   match
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the schedule for a given package .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  list   a

test:  enable or disable an existing comment application .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  configure   enable
truth:  install   a

test:  make sure that theres no logical report .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   information

test:  get a cluster by name or name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a piece of strings to a covers node with node elements .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a result from a list of positional and keyword arguments .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans the windows basis so that "text" can be used .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  cleans   use
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the type is a type .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   rules
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize a services .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  attempts to return the ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  ssh   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the redis function of the same redis as redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects vision in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  combines   landmarks
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert protobuf into a protocol instance .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the path to the tex root as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   header
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two ovs data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check for valid extension .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  returns an encoded string and sign it .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  acts   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  return   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return list of the loaded modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calling est processing .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  moves   progress
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator factory to keep decorators in testing with at least one api .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  ensure the given privileges as when it was automatically applied to the current type .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  ensure   operators
truth:  validate   validate

test:  explicitly export from maybe datasets or group .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  be   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  do post the job head .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  click   fixture
truth:  quit   null

test:  retrieves the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the marginal sigmoid dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait for process is running .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   shutdown
truth:  null   helper

test:  determine whether or not the specified object is available correctly .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  object   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses a string or the http put into an empty sequence .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parses   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  log an image from a repository as a deprecated identifier .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  edit line and headers: .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download link from a link .
truth: process one link . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-checkout(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  choose the app .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   runs
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using latest already used by a templating .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that passing dammit! cases and their answer cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   axis
truth:  test   test

test:  if the given header is an active header .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert a python method into an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate the expected score of a histogram .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  loads a block of annotation and return the result in the input block if the last block seconds and time is set .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  validates   init
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the remote url is a remote repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  get cache key .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  list   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server for use with your #3025 .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test that the same directory behaves in height .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get a list of available login response body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an existing topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  if the user is not a valid author .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parameters master : result of master and patches patches and patches patches model .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   patches
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries where zero take the values from a single .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that home directory are passed .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove filler from primersearch server from receiver .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns an auth auth handler .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create event raw proj without exponents .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  request   guess
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset state to the default data structure .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   json
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the display directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is actually a subjects bem mri directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   find
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the hash is a fallback .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  frees the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  add indices specific debugging token .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update a task by db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  debug   import
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that automatically wrap a function is not in run .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   test
truth:  given   null

test:  return a newline string that matches newline and start of the message .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a string for an updater sequence .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  single-letter single-letter be enabled by the context .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start a tcp server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate the stats for the whole of the whole configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  calculate   influence
truth:  run   run

test:  makes a unicode string from a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   return
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete types are no values passed .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the current locale settings cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the type of the given type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a base class of its index class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  group the c_generator .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test bem for surface creation .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   bem
truth:  reading   reading

test:  domain of the domain object f .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a function object from the given datastore .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  return   exception
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a string representing the loggers entry from loggers by the loggers resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  constructs a string of raw decoded data in raw .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  print   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return math in a string .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   exp
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in dna strings also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or dna checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield all items from sequence of unicode strings .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: assert of existing filepath on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  assert   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  confirm that an email address of an account .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  view   email
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize time spec with optional s/m/h/d/w suffix .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  bytes   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  returns true if the package is installed .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  require   package
truth:  return   return

test:  append configuration require the config .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  append   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  remove the stale pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  create   create

test:  open an encoded file and return the content found in the given filename .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  open   a
truth:  object   object

test:  internal helper .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that batchnormalizedmlp .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get color color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if 'mdata-delete' is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  destroys and outputs the start date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  string   field
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only work on windows .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a vectorspacesdataset level of state and ensures that other layers gets 1 .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  use a list of core objects that are referenced by the given mapping arguments: - string: : boolean .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the specified master connection with the specified master name the name of the filesystem .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to a campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  parse the old probability of the loops and store the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  get   svg
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until the process has passed .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns ansi escape style string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove unknown options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   options
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get a project object for a docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text metadata .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find metadata in s3 .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  taken from django .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   call
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return whether the given node can be a readable node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  the promo constant time as a 5-tuple datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  if   return

test:  expr_stmt channels of output represented by applying text to auto labels .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  to   server
truth:  null   utility

test:  make sure that os is not available .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  make   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a list of all the keys in the given cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed packages from uct :return: a list of local version of local timezone cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wait until a task has been started .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  null   task
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns the given string as unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a distance method for the current working directory .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  null   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  convert an ansi string to a datetime object .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  convert   handles
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the python ports in a frame .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns the strings that would used to write a nested changes to at a specific changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  format   format

test:  parse a pattern which is usually into .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   update
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the steps from a background api into a background case .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   null

test:  make a local score matrix from a privkey matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test some slugify of various than the slugify function .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  display a request .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  stop service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy and safe values if not already existing facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  sync   entries
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check whether a pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  use   os

test:  search for testview changed protocol documents .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   a
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing html in fill_values should contain their warnquota specified columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  resets the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  resets   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number of units since the format is shown .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  retrieves a dictionary of pairs .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  format   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for subclasses of an attribute with a method .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update user password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  parses all delimited table and returns a dictionary of filenames .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  merge   copy
truth:  opens   null

test:  context manager to write a resource and is from an existing resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a * .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager killing the source space according to the given target on non-blocking .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  source   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an l{twisted .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  cage the minion with sign replaced by salt myminion area .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  signs   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dictionary of ec2 data using the device data in the configuration .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  extracts   a

test:  given a fragment and/or query paramaters .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  regression test for bug conversion of started string .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a context variable to disk .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update unit cache entry in unit .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   null
truth:  related   update

test:  initialize which extension .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a extension in the os .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : id comma assignment_expression .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return the filename for the filename .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load the volumes of the non-existing / clean-up config .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   error
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if docs does not work correctly .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run the provided command in a subprocess containing the provided status code .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of user_partitions objects in region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free [k - g*h where f is a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of pip version depending on sys .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  as many times .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the name of the given learner name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to ensure a function of a partial statement .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns zi zi for most of the standard score parameters x : array-like returns sosfilt : x for which to be converted to the most of the 2-dimensional point in
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test version version number .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a header line header for given header args .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the ignored button for the ignored loader .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   sets
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert hex string to a string form .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  is   null

test:  invoke cmd command with the given cli example: .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  to   null
truth:  specified   null

test:  reads a description of an existing transaction and returns as a description of it .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  look   null

test:  return a quoted version of "remainder urllib .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the inverse of the current inverse of a gaussian distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string to a safe repr of an object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   task
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the variable know whether the executed executed as the command line .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  print   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node name from the given node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query for release by release its musicbrainz id .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  convert   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the values of the input array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  search   impulse
truth:  return   a

test:  create an :class: .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the base files for a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns all these modules in the same docs as defined by one .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most epoch lists .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  compares   null

test:  return the var and the given axis of an array along an axis given axis .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by default .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  make the timeseries and add item in a previous code .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  make   timeseries
truth:  is   null

test:  return a sortable string after tanh classes .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return the given decimal number formatted for a locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from an elb by username: .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute a hilbert hilbert transform .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  convert py3 to the given latitude or return a string if it is not a boolean .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   a

test:  a helper function to get the roundrobin typing and play the original sleekxmpp .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  read   data

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: always load . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  load   load

test:  adds a unique id to the context .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  add   add

test:  create a lxc-attach record in the database record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the original model .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  selected   function
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  package   a
truth:  selects   null

test:  install a hash for pip with a requirement one .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  install   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert string or bytes to binary objects .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  string   method
truth:  convert   a

test:  project project map view .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a string referring to text if it contains text .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get transformations .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the local app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information for the users snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the theano underlying of the graph between inputs and theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  returns   report
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text in the given string .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the transform of the input data .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of certificates from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   dependencies
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed in an object .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if the given function node is a next method in a method and returns true if the given class is a next item in a method .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  patch event .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  patch   assert
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return path .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version of the directory to be read from this process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   wrapper
truth:  mail   mail

test:  remove all extra variables in the input .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  removes   import
truth:  null   null

test:  the main program .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if this delete language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes the request to the api endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  creates an entry under the current thread db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show a machine .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   details

test:  test if content in the format is a test based on the clients defined in the prefix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn a streamhandler .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  enable   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get api_version from the database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  context   context

test:  return true if the given model is a projection model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the name of the package to be checked .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in the text .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  wait for a vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  test   entries
truth:  null   a

test:  write filepath to a offsets table .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write paths for a node .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   build
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the series in each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the well-formed vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return translation dict for title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  opens a file and encoding parameters filename : str filepath .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  record   a
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check if object is a string-like object or a dictionary .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  arrays   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a comment from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view a wiki document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  return whether or not the cinder if enabled .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test mne time-staggered gui points .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import submodules that are in a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  build a list of rows from the type: hash .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  build   get
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  read   filename
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n x n items of iterable n times .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to publish html for html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  to   print
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper to define a module with the underlying function as a module .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  to   get
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the python fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  extract an ipv4 address from a ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling the bond test for bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  check if symbol is a symbol of thats the same length .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  test   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a json app for actor an infinite page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp execute a mtp command .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a buffer which is mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  open interactive configuration by config file .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  open   auto
truth:  set   set

test:  check for the existence of one :type writer_name: string .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  check   authentication
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find the slices of two nodes that are slices of inputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return occurrences of pattern in each string of the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup setup mail .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  with right slice binary .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip can be listed .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  removes a job name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves user from user api .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  store   changes
truth:  given   a

test:  a logic status .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry geometry from the plugins by the top-level hard .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return the kb slugquery last significant time of the start table .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   product
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download the versions of a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the maximum output of the threshold threshold intervals .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  concatenate fiducials in two colours format .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  concatenate   manager
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  warn time logs out of time .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  time   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test lemmatization of info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace in the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to find top variables .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   distance

test:  print the available build configuration .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a double object_id .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  assert that a dataset matches a tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  assert   tables
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string and characters .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   slashes
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the tarball from the minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data into a topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folder spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  internal function for the system on partition <minor> of partition <minor> than partition of errors .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return queue details of rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   works
truth:  load   load

test:  upload the fake image into the instance .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  function   create
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the square root of n elements .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended assignment reject section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find the optimal of a given range of rows this function collects the optimal of the optimal and sumlength and b can be passed to compute the range of other
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  the function returns the file or from f as the function .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a file names which is a sequence of paths that is a leading tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  execute the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  execute   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary of all pairs in a which are not a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  null   list
truth:  union   union

test:  checks if a user has no user_id .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an old link for the given feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  adds data to boundary .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  uninstall a python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  load   docstring
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python version as tuple are not supported in a python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the salt_interface climate platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  find the rgb for a slack by adding some rgb portion of the factor .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  find   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given an linear key .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  sudo the current process .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee modules to output js .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized collection .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to convert paths to default values .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  reload csf cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  show   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  will do any of the user is in an email address and cache api .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  if   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the variance for the variance of the metric tagged .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   mean
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a test run of a given string .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the messages from a document or yields strings .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  close a socket random port on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  using   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logs   redirects
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from the file named by filename into a graph .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of all available python modules in the specified path .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the replaces expression and clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  clones   a

test:  powerlaw sample sequence of length n from a paretovariate distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   function
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a generate bit record and pack it to a given token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert all strings in dict to floats .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the user string for the user .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an instance of making a collection .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  convert values from list to a list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the replacements ip address .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  catches   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for version of version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a queryset of the request being specified by replacing the pattern with the pattern .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  filter   comments

test:  returns a link link from a remote distribution as a set of strings .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  mutable checks .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   cross
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   update
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this queue and the pending id .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  write the given data structure to a imports file or delegate .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  write   data
truth:  render   a

test:  returns the mysql session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace double quotes in between double quotes with whitespace .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   whitespace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  appropriately the main function for old 74 .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all instances of systemd command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   verifies
truth:  list   list

test:  escape text for adding some markup to the '&bl version .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  text   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of escape with auto-escaping .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve -> parameters according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  get the random item in the list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a installed file .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a datetime .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  generate   handles
truth:  take   action

test:  convert indentation to a list of words .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  username of id users users with no user ne succeeds .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   a
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a directory at a given file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user reviewer servers for accounts tests .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to the given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  helper to get the empty strings that contains empty strings .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  to   create
truth:  null   class

test:  return the c{maintype} and values of a matrix .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  m   m

test:  return true if the user is admin permissions for this process .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get the currently connected to the pressure command .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  display the wiki tags in a list of tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  displays   attempt
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return gateway gateway if the user is active .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last whitespace of the line containing those and the last whitespace removed .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  *75 activation function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get translation .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  get   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a intersection string representation of a node .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a month for year .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an type with a value and convert it to the value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of all u'parser and put it in an arg_scope version .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns local api key from registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  converts   find
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the email information for the given server .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a u'md password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string representing the old version of a template .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  microsoft version of microsoft .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  main function .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  runs   point
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  fake distutils with a function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  add   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  password   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the right sparseseries are equal and right sparseseries .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gnu triangulated file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with an initial text .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comments are not part of a short object .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for connecting functions .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  return all currently active list as currently active .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  list   list

test:  convert the 2d memory to the ascii output .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  convert a user string according to online coupled parser .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  null   params
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if a refname[i is actually the configrss string .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a standard filename into an absolute url .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the visible columns of a given file .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return an recorded as an open wrapper around the given server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert main function to hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the specified content from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets an api method object from the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with simple bucket_name for simple bucket_name .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full cache box for this application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  usage   members
truth:  dump   a

test:  try to find a package in which the given module is found .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  package   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a container from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  given the given number of bisect .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  env env .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length of the string .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  adds a user to the specified group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string in a1 notation to a a1 string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the next time of the original ubyte .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  return the employee gettext date / offset .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the path of the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear all registered statistics in the backup directory .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  given a url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return chunk docs from a file-like list of dictionaries .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   elements

test:  return a string of a given revision hash .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for uuid and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the json representation of the jit node layouts .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  return   data

test:  selects the solve in function where mapreduce are the database objects .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   verifies
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  the modegui report .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  null   set
truth:  tell   null

test:  get a list of tests in an entire file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   python

test:  format an instance of getattr objects .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  perform   replaces
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer for a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a alreadyrunningerror with an n-dimensional image .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  return   opacity
truth:  blend   blend

test:  argument is a geometry function for the given argument .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pull a json query string and return a list of json objects .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  rolls   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that lexically variables are not none .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  test   return
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show if the specified service is deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a sqlalchemy certificate to be used for the client api .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   waits
truth:  builds   a

test:  set all graphs union of the api .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object from the correct type .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  replace   mask
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the base64 id from the token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  call   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  check if a specified raid is found .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  in the nearest gid .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup an http user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   session
truth:  null   null

test:  return info from all rows in the mysql database white it in a specific 'args .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add extra length and end xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns user and displays all non-blank codes .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   exclude
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for methods used in function are outer .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the jid and marks it into the specified jid code .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a dict .
truth: from url . 
test:  given   parameters
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  extract ansi plural name from a animation .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  extract   transform
truth:  get   get

test:  parses counters column names format .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a new environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  close   use
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  return true if option is deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  check that newly between test and xml are properly there .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  perform   test
truth:  check   correctness

test:  extract nt used in namedtuple from namedtuple output .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  return   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  generates the codon standard deviation in codon by codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  generates   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   s
truth:  s   s

test:  returns a searchparams string .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the syllable is short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test source volume computation in source files .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  display the object from the given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  allow   object
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the *l1* norm of the vectors in the passed norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate the given attribute name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  decorate   methods
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is a path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test basic gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  testing   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams of cost by flowgrams .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  find a dataframe by an identifier and return one or idle a one .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  given   function
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  make sure the specified directory and wait for cygwin .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  make   server
truth:  run   cmd

test:  read a random output from a file and access stream .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> the url in the previous coordinate or equally .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  initialize the connection object .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  initialize   fetch
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a single string argument to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  encodes   case
truth:  pack   pack

test:  a decorator that makes a define source variable name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fix   method

test:  convert the disk users disk to a standard disk format .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unwrap 8601-formatted with filter value suspended suspended by continuously .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate the content of responses returned from the given mime response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  test installing number of enumerate ratio for given region .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  bytes   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  find tree positions in github format from node .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  find   node
truth:  create   node

test:  test that "checkerboard" works .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   a

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check the pci address of the given pci address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  get   get

test:  if value is a valid doc .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically return a network from the network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize network .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  view   network
truth:  null   network

test:  launches a model instance .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  show   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   read
truth:  return   return

test:  runs one or more pip command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   npm
truth:  install   a

test:  return the base directory for the git or none if git .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  point   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if rights has the given rights as rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  a version of modules .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  perform a ctypes function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  prints out our indentation in each character .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  creates a list of all the attachment errors and creates a scatterplot form .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  validates that the input array is a boolean .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   bivariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  add bottom points to the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   loading
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the python config file .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   a

test:  extract text display all ansi colors in the same colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   get
truth:  add   syntax

test:  the boolean score for fnc then mask .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the base config file for data config file for some time .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   create
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a string to percentage .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  run a synchronous package .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of the current timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  end   verifies
truth:  null   preference

test:  get a user by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  slices phred quality installable and filter on behalf of illumina based on given file having the illumina sequence .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all characters in a string with a given string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the number of marginal in constant to constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   count
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a string is available .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   get
truth:  is   null

test:  save the current certificate to the metrics specified by other cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   master
truth:  save   null

test:  get list of names of a particular type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   a

test:  wsgi values from compression ifupdown2 most values or g .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  import   process
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that handles json objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  update a collection of services in the given collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  the leakyrelu function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy a list of objects that are modified and greater than internals .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  if there are no document .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  null   display
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a line of indentation from docstrings .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes in the traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic a mute offset offset .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  a more iterables for known 1 .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a remote packet in a sparse format .
truth: object factory . 
test:  get   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  return a dict mapping data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  yield all games matching one way or more notation .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg file name .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a list of available network labels .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a deferred with the bokeh context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  to   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  list all users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces dictionary to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  convert obj to a string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  obj   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import modules in the format of a particular package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  open   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a particular service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given certificate name the certificate to remove store store the certificate to be followed from the certificate to remove from the certificate from the certificate
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  track the stream longer want to be configured .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert the given string to a string that can be used for a clean with the given format .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for tests accepted .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot product of two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escapes a string escape .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  responds to make sure the app is blueprints .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns one view of the given maximum view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a csr object from a csr request .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the specified stream to reach a client .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml stream and produce the corresponding representation tree at the given stream .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape markdown characters that can be included in markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escape   source
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if an image is inside a ]mask specification .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  if   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy an element or more than deep end .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warnings .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  test if object is a mapping of variable .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the provided data to the provided dict .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ma arma .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   include
truth:  get   get

test:  return a file length of a directory .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all installed models for the given app .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup torque covers .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  extracts the full plugin names for a given plugin in the provided plugin in a given plugin filename or a filename .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string in list to an articles .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate an existing discovery file provide a given discovery format .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  copies   discovery
truth:  write   discovery

test:  get a refif reference from the document if found .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry tasks specified by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  errors   twitter
truth:  documents   documents

test:  parse authentication statement .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  disallow nova .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  renew or disable interfaces .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  render   a
truth:  ask   user

test:  get the windows os x .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all logging in loggers to the loggers status .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a list of users of the specified user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for probability fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test loading and running a complex file with json .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  loading   scan
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name and template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   dataframe
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test whether or not an expression is a ask ask the same expression .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  clear the xmodule for the current scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   database
truth:  null   null

test:  append initial state to the api .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a copy of a enumerated dataframe into an array at each line .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  labels   authentication
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  instantiate a class as a string and uses it to overwrite the protocol and remove the label of the handler .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if there are an additional parameters name : string name of the file is placed cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  catch an environment logs and return the history .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  returns a dict of python extensions .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  structurize wrapper for the demo :math:f(x)=(1 output .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  sets the global rules used for the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  set   set

test:  decode unicode control character as strings for python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  coerce   encode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of queue names from the given queue instance .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a random integer value that matches a given coordinates .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint but for a list of lists of sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  transform a function for hive-site uploads .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an approximation to the entire approximation of a series .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only works on macos .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   works
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  fill   part
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect a list of translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   field
truth:  return   a

test:  given inputs in project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  remove   versions
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the correctness of the particular batched_dot function .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  advance   results
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the string in while we can pickle is a bad common counting .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  show the potential branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  show   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return the job with the specified job id .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  returns   registration
truth:  send   send

test:  delete a file search .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   password
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get a alarm name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  gets   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks for desired dependencies .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  establish and return all redis databases .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  wait   configure
truth:  test   test

test:  align a value in the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  return a string representation of pareto individuals which can be used multiple systems .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  return   sort
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test serializing is more than 2 layer .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  datetimes   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches sequence .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function returns the logarithm of the standard output .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  function   method
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a new permission group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the given locale is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  list the policies available for the policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   entities
truth:  list   list

test:  return a generator of all twisted plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  delete ranges matching ranges .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the utc offset as requested in which utc request is provided .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: required generates the job using the job cross requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery jenkins again .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  null   null

test:  public routine to be a flattened folder .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  find the tile scaled segments .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  find   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange exchange from a dict .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   change
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a full machine on a session .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   return
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed previous previous previous previous request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  convert a positive integer .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract particular option value from the media-ranges or tensortype option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in 2 .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   helper
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  for parameters that are properly be parsed via number of parameters that has to be read only individual uwsgi .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  look   null

test:  check whether we should always be used as some serial objects .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  forces   null

test:  returns the self-generated x as a prime list .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   helper

test:  strip the given string with hexadecimal and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a view to a numpy array .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  null   generator

test:  calculate the 32bit number of assigning data to servers by using a given word .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  move process info .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run html executable in the specified executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   html

test:  cache of smbios .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  same as a monomial .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for 3d surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the required argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  does nothing have been removed .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  does   new
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  post   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements in an array .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   function
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  yield   returner

test:  read data from thrift and decompress a page as a string .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory body from json .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  move a gpu gpu tags .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  move   helper
truth:  error   error

test:  build centers loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  batch   inequality
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze is shown correctly .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  runs a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  to   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of cube objects from a role string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of allocated hosts associated with a string .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  merge the payload from a submission .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  update   update

test:  a version of shared variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure a magic is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of all server servers for a given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find a file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the requested policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment formats to file object .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make the fake permutation of inputs by reading the input combinations .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  utility function to return a string with a comma-separated string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  return   function
truth:  string   string

test:  inject all cooperative slashes in content .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  complete   content
truth:  null   inject

test:  get a checkout post processor for the checkout with the checkout data .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  view   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all hosts present in a specific host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if path is an instance of a eggs in a eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict with resources of resources and failed .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control client for the given persistence .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transform string .
truth: produce status . 
test:  transform   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test that mne mri .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   fix
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  splits an absolute string using an absolute uri in a http request .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  import   release
truth:  return   scheme

test:  compute the hypergeometric block using the specified block .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple smoketest to test that test .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set a script to a remote script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  parse comments tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  scale value in pair to the default graph .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  log   square
truth:  quantize   a

test:  formats a file size and then display it to the supported items .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  formats   calculate
truth:  create   a

test:  get a service from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates requests format for console .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  take the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  download   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' normalization for not required on ascii-only and betai() .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   test

test:  add pillar output to top level and grids .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a name .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  name   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a unique tool file or executable .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the full path to the current request or the full url as a global url .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  patch the remote icon for repository icons .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  clear all login form for the current thread .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object into a datetime object .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  retrieves the home craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to make a function of examples: .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  to   replaces
truth:  is   null

test:  report to run raw tests based on bad version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  common run a fr file .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  given a list of files and a directory that were moved through the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  restore a document to the users outputs of the users document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps arg as a yaml string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dumps   default
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a function .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   mask
truth:  fits   a

test:  from the given list .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if this file is found in the xhtml .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  if   google
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns tweets from the user to choose from description-setter .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  fixed   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode an encoded base64 encoded images into a base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  a series .
truth: search series . 
test:  read   series
truth:  search   series

test:  return points coordinates .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flushes up the locate command and wait for the specified cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  point   runs
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  a theme of the theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call the environment variable .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  put   null
truth:  make   null

test:  patch_file a fullscreen version of the decorated function .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all certificates for a migration .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  set up a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   params
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  null   training
truth:  training   training

test:  texts texts based on the wsgi request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  confirm   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  basic implementation of markdown reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  command   replace
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a 2d integer to a float in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  count   count

test:  sets whether the server responds to restart sent by other computers .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns metadata nodes .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show a ancestors of breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all the files of a folder on the filesystem .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  remove   folder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts parameters .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  pulls   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  merge multiple blocks in an array of blocks into a single list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   return
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  figure out the existing group groups for a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  decode a python file or a directory .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  decode   image
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of entity entity at the given kind .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a website .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   checks
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of source in a particular set of query string .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compute source estimate like:: like:: like:: chroma .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all directories .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send one or more addresses to one message .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   null
truth:  email   email

test:  raises an exception if the ironic is supported by the given feature .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup modbus speech component .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that translates a function into a string .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the information on any errors that contain been loaded cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns filtered value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  assert that lists is loaded available on configuration .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  extract all uppercase into text .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  input   path
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract ipv4 address generated from address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   address
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids from the given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove the current first files .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  removes   replace
truth:  compare   contents

test:  return the pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return a bit array of vectors .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  function   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  simple moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether django-storages is available .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  if the log likelihood is valid .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from google cloud storage .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  deprecated in the current thread .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam watching a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  view   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon can be used primary 'ct to be able to respond with mesos require the mesos of a docker image .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  compute a named template object .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks whether code is a member or not .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  check   create
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the x intersection loops through the loop and add the x intersection index lists inside the loop .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the contents of 20 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  if   null

test:  generic backend for your virtual ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate the rank of a matrix .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  advance   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml input and return a tipc class .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check two different distortion classes are different than the correct altaz through each other conditions .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure file plural are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the specified zones from an http header .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns a list of versions sorted alphabetically .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  does server support .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  does   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms page of the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the virtualenv .
truth: release the package . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to an absolute url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  the inventory[ assignment for running in the existing inventory[ assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  build   build

test:  print a command to stdout .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  output   command
truth:  executes   a

test:  return average cycle based on where the inverse of a certain color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  connected   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return logp from given point and group specification .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  return   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper for the given object .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   returns

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   stubs
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the default time zone as default .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  modified   get

test:  check if label is a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  is this a mesh installed? .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that non validation support .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a dict describing the exclude model instance as exclude defined in django .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  copy   a

test:  check if a string is currently installed .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  compute standard deviation .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  test   test

test:  .
truth: prints a . 
test:  function   test
truth:  prints   a

test:  retrieve a process instance .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  copy an image with the same name as the img object .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  format and join indices in a left .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  loops   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set set .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  build flocker distributions into asserts that the '{}-{}' distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  build   build
truth:  null   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get an path to a path .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect hook of tcl .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  time   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the the web pdf of a process .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  return contents of a cache file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reading   reading

test:  intercept a test unless the method is json .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load an lines in commas .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   credentials

test:  return none .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the object is a no-op .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  module   return
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sometimes you get <pre> characters like a user that just isnt sending to a turned url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  create directory that creates random directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a list of steps specified in step ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblockparent or the start and start of this xblocks .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  matrix of asyncio-based .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows a group of sender of iso outputs .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   part

test:  returns a sample of tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the keyczar signer object from the secrets database and signature used by review manager instance .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   type

test:  test whether an lyrics is a string .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  wrapper around kiwi .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  null   query
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted roads url for display .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response into a -180 host .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install and install multiple tests in python .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  find   find

test:  notify all files .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  notify   async
truth:  print   print

test:  update update model .
truth: clear document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads the list of images according to sample images .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  this function provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial technical message formats user id to store filename id to store a translation message id to store
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  output output of a binary tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  output   pairs
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  warn   null

test:  return the correct fix for the current locale .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the multiplication of the nodes in a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  format the region for a given number of formatting codes .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  format   a

test:  return a relative number of complex accuracy .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause the virtual player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  st any accuracy .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  dumps   error
truth:  =   =

test:  construct sturm sturm[ for a square-free polynomial of the given course .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  split   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse xml .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add environment from enhex(x) and update them to salt on the keys in the salt keys .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete a db group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure that contains a figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  return the key specific key execution .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  response that this function allows you expect to read_time: with any http headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  evoked   log
truth:  set   set

test:  unbind a servicegroup by openstack globally service group failed to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily autoescape a jinja environment with no autoescape code for a given autoescape .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns a wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a group .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  get the current ttl setting .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build arguments to the plots for o[' .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   split
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test that a database under capability correctly .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  shift   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns human ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a list of changed files .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace articles specific objects resolver .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a string representation of the values for a variable .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip a test if we want to run this module .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   run
truth:  use   use

test:  accepts a service via os .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  accepts   try
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  return all element in the sequence .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a control file to use .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return an uninterpolated path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given a cache parameter name .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  given   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base name of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  containing   return
truth:  name   name

test:  generate a categorical action for a course .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  rendering   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return an expression with normal expression or an expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  find   function
truth:  write   null

test:  envvar version of the block .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  assemble   blocks
truth:  format   format

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator which creates an instance from normal event handlers .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  prints a package .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  automatically handles certain exception class by a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  load data from the source file and return a graph header in each complex form .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  query a noncovered .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  query   find
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  raise error message msg .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  raise   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send the given summary of the given module .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes an index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  concatenates   sum
truth:  null   null

test:  given an xmodule package identifier .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  given   points
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  retrieves the images on a batch request and returns the result as an existing request .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  a cache backend for the given maximum cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  set   nova
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise activation function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  search a string for all occurences of text .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  search   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  build inception v3 scope for weight scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  build   initialization
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  request   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  decode curve auth with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  calculate standard normal vector of row and standard deviation .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  as long a string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' property for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  if output is true .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  if   attribute
truth:  format   format

test:  get a function or error in two arguments .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t2 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handler for myloc file .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  to   try
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the subset of the dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   files
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return the quoted directory for use in a default extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module name .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  get last help for user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  get   verifies
truth:  set   users

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  code   a
truth:  create   a

test:  defined the output files .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate the samples of the above sample 1 .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers of serializers .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the bin .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavorid records by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  gets the authentication backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push the current mainloop to a cycles .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap alterations paragraphs to folder .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  wrap   text
truth:  using   null

test:  test for a function that maps a function to the end of a given matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of dictionaries .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions a test suite by test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns the number of seconds since the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get preferred function .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  preferred   module
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair of the dot product of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return jar file titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  return   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a new certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the specified instance is google cli example: .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the activate_this intersection paths to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  to   add
truth:  add   add

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that an pecl package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  write a contents of a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns the contents of the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  enable request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a string to a encoding and write text .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  find unicode character in bytes .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  a independent way for the specified url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  check that the migrations in the integer .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  check   null
truth:  throws   null

test:  return a node from the vm .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  default   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the truncated address from local activation .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the database has been modified .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  fixtures fixtures for api namedtuple .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  null   use
truth:  update   a

test:  full transaction version page .
truth: error view . 
test:  null   error
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the word with the given word if it was sent .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a decimal context with the current decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a id"{ cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   checks
truth:  delete   a

test:  try to guess the dependencies of the given list of common viewpoint .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter on a gaussian image .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests suggestion field whether a unit is latest correctly .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log messages from a context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  output   log
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper for mapper .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a dictionary of using differences .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  returns   resource
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for filterform ensures that passing the commandline system .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   check
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the owner owner and save to a file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the color associated with the given review registry .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add disk usage to path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  query   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse <song> -- gets the most appropriate error .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  to   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  write each stream for externally .
truth: print with color . 
test:  return   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  to   null

test:  if the list is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  build an element for a given element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  build   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  test the embedding_attention function .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we are running in the right layer .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook specification .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  config   a
truth:  prepare   null

test:  replace all data for the given one or more subsites signed .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   metadata
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted ip string to long as long dotted quad .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  get updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper around obj .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escapes a string for use in a url .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escapes   test
truth:  escape   escape

test:  a function to toggle scroll .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   set
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  update templates from an templates .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  calculate   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  view an exception and return the xml encoded message .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  try   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  basic this script .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  github   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the pids of the pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  notify   fixture
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  compute groupnobs .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  public-facing the query parameter within a given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  query   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  construct an absolute native path .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that inverse computation of alternatives when inverse setting is unknown .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns the python object version of the current python thing .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the metadata extractor from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  error   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct an exact sanity check .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  construct   calculate
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the shape of input as a floating point .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  command   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  implement shape in the new pointer .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  implement   compute
truth:  call   call

test:  return the protocol associated with a tool shed after the specified url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirect directory .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  password   redirects
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of vagrant versions .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  retrieves checkpoint .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  like views .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  builds a sequence of elements from a sequence of heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  builds   split
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get filename from filename .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an your channel to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs of wcs read from the 3d variance string .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   github
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parses a user data resource or iterable .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns an s3 key for use in s3 .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the kth .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a calendar .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  produces   a

test:  this method is called every corresponding to the displaying a dict in any of the following rules that has a particular artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks if an object is an adatetime .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse daily date format as a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  quote a number of characters so we can match braces .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  list   get
truth:  given   indent

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: are same length no sequence returns * best_hit is closest than one of the closest character sequence from seq_possibilities .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  step   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  landing page for memcache updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   page

test:  test validationshufflesplit .
truth: user can login . 
test:  test   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get the float tracks .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   val
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of 8bit parts of this file .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the user id of the current user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   try

test:  reserves the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an instance of sending event after sending this process .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  makes augmentation from warehouse -in filters .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  make   check
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache -> t_total return a to cache object .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a the specified index table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the given data to the latest tlen position .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to post as specified .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  should return a socket if given interpreter exists .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   crud
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  unit['id'] -> 2d tree desc: returns a dict which is added to be created as defined in each tree tags .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  get file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  file   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return if range forced to be used .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user in a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable seqs_per_file stream .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  profiling   enable
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  accepts   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  assume that if a system-v style service is not disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return dict of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns a path name for environment variable .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  you get a list of tuples so that general is bits from least the list of bits with small parameters .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  reshape   print
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror endpoint works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  marathon   null
truth:  test   test

test:  wrapper around python 2 .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  filter   encode
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove sub files using current machine .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send about an event about a given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   resource
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup as many connections on the given certificate .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  processing   command
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a dictionary containing the elements of a list of the strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return an iterator over all matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  get tags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  run   one

test:  in some camelcase markup .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  null   s
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap multivariate data in a pointer .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  retry   count
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances of the given module and async version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   version
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   gradient

test:  it will update tracker notification .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  draw traditional neighbor by iterating over click .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  color   channels

test:  if the python module specified by the given name .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  if   import
truth:  import   import

test:  check if datastore library is a tty .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the router is a port['device interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  return a short list of recently ids .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  generate segments associated with a mailchimp api inputs: mailchimp id .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  batch notification to be sent over a database .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  batch   m
truth:  return   a

test:  load specified count .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  files   python
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  we are running binded after a function .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  return   return

test:  makes sure the case of the case is case .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  null   media
truth:  checks   checks

test:  control sequence are the same if the top of the sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   get
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  test   css
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   step
truth:  insert   insert

test:  serializes a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  serializes   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of divisors of the first kind .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape a string with a cmake string of characters this requires printable identifier for use in a single space .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return an iterator over all possible python objects .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  makes   everything

test:  check if the data in first image is a line .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  if   check
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve all the user input .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get current command line .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  request   worker

test:  get arguments required to handle arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  get   null
truth:  create   create

test:  save figure to disk with the specified data .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the specified hdfs locator .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  skeleton skeleton characters to create folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns true if the variable is a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id from network .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  for some html header in a given header .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a native python python python python python python application .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns class types for the keys that satisfies the type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a return the id from a datastore app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  generate   process
truth:  convert   a

test:  test scaling and cost methods with null docstrings .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges in a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance id .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the steps on centrally output should appear or -t .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   set
truth:  following   following

test:  test for streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the task to the reserved table .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  return the list of active translation cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   templates
truth:  is   null

test:  a context manager for permission users .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the time for an array a source b .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verify   version
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from requirements from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scan the generated tarball and add contents of a given directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a valid dn string with the given dn dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   versions

test:  validates the maximum file file .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   nginx

test:  helper for fulltext adding keys to the response .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  format a datetime as utc timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of sizewith versions of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  the ribes of given sentence .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the package database .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  return bash command in a shell .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the mixing matrix from the graph g .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the openssl certificate of a certificate .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a rabbitmq node details .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  start   start

test:  checks whether file system differences are equal to expected .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find a valid image by id .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   roles
truth:  removes   null

test:  wrap request handler methods with each handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag that will be registered at question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a figure within each image .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  slices   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if atom is a pow instance .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if an upstart service is not disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   check
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap a url string to a big key .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the full path .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compile the table count .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create a path from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  remove ssl ssl host .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  stub   try
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  creates a numerical page for a page pairs .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  query   sqlalchemy
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  get the 'pkg-info' possible version of a file .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   package
truth:  get   get

test:  return configuration .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  make sure suggestion is changed correctly .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  add   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  transforms   images
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new model and returns a current event id .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  convert   database
truth:  save   a

test:  gets information about fund tld string tld of the requested domain name domain to get information about the requested dns domain .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does capabilities to signal broken in the given request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  dictionary   kludge
truth:  get   cluster

test:  function used to write bower data .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  view   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of all of the files names .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   display
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  return the cartesian product of the array and convert nodes to a set of arrays .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  loading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  run the testsuite tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   python
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   format
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale the vector3 matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print output of :class:downloads3key of output .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  usage   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for device b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  opens   calculate
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get the submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compares a list of hostnames names are addresses dump by the hostnames and that have been addresses .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns true if the argument is closed .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert content from fact to fact : the fact process cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a domain object into a levels number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download error page .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   return
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume group by logical its component characters and take it to take another port .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluators evaluators values for the evaluated values .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for marking a function under numpy effect .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with cross product .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  returns the linear temperature of sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test some d iquery function .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  github   initialization
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: reshape to convert space into space .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  unsqueezing   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test inverse of %run .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in an undirected spanning forest of a given algorithm .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   edges

test:  test that "checkerboard" image is not found .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes gcd of a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  query   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get all points given stl two order index .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the number of occurrences of n to a tile row or equal to n .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  creates   a

test:  generate a back reference to pinging keyword arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  generate   print
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   messages
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  apply the given remains operation on a caps int .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  formats   reverse
truth:  produces   null

test:  find all rows of a realm entity hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   get

test:  long legged doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  delete block device definition from image mapping .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check whether we can try to look up untracked output .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  if   vcs
truth:  check   check

test:  parse file into json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  file   session
truth:  behave   behave

test:  read a backing file and update it .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list of the groups of all groups .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format warnings the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  warnings   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return pagination pages .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  return   methods
truth:  show   show

test:  listen for no arguments or not .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  poll   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  reload the module to reload a new app .
truth: in apps . 
test:  if   reload
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only resource in the read-only .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restore multiple merged .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a new client from the hadoop config file .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive item from a list  .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the path .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  call   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  reduce a list of terms to only add multiple terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  reduce   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  seq1 latitude/longitude at the given locationglobal and joined .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   bearing

test:  query the json tree for the given url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  query   null
truth:  return   return

test:  true if python 2 is not unicode on python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  if   none
truth:  encode   in

test:  construct the path to the request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  construct   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the name of the current thread is in the following process .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  if   entry
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert strings or strings to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a *field for the provided field .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for setting the escaped slashes with a valid url .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  just like gnu but returns the default value for any state in question .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return default config dictionary for api key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element with nested elements .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  convert   real
truth:  null   element

test:  convert each shape of a string in numpy format to float .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  create decorator for allows closed .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns a list of samples of numpy mean .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  read   fits
truth:  given   current

test:  return the name of the user that owns a given file or directory .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get module if it is less than one version .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  copy   call
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if a receipt is valid and time spent .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  reissues   null

test:  verify that the given value is a valid integer value .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  look through the full hash file or a file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get data in samples from file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the beaglebone black gpio devices .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for ['get'] requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the job controller - sizes and restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  called   controller
truth:  to   controller

test:  returns a security_attributes class for the given error set of messages .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   appends
truth:  like   like

test:  return an in-memory in-memory dict .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  makes   cpu
truth:  return   return

test:  test if media type is none .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the implementation of the */\n#define latin-1 for monitoring specific fields as a list of strings .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  build   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  read changed info from bti file and return a dict cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  show   show

test:  standard status .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  file   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  w3af_processes requests to requesting all the user .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  authenticate   try
truth:  send   send

test:  read a arraydesc into a single file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an api user override using an api views .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a file in the given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get underlying group groups as a group and subscribes it as a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  convenience method to generate json file and return json object .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  generate   a

test:  replaces all exported characters within the same string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  string   string

test:  converts long to bytecode-compiled .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  compile_multiple the path to the reparse of the file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator that optionally create the decorated function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  put   func
truth:  prevents   null

test:  check if unicode value contains valid unicode characters .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  if   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent of the message .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the application has any "add window .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  prints messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  consume   messages

test:  returns the instructions type of the instructions .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given range of this module .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  calculate a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check if filename is a test directory .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to format indexing from opengl gl f(x) gl line .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  draw   null

test:  transforms a 400 param and applies methods on the api (e and applies it to execution .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns newlines based on newlines of velement .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the number to work on windows .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  format   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  undo the original assert that do not yet exist .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  for a ctypes function that returns a partial c arguments .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the sqs initialization for a set of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  raise the belong if inputs are identical .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   in

test:  return true if the object is float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes ansi escape sequences from short .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  removes   ansi
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g is a pow graph .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the path to the standard executable in the legal path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a bootstrap/jackknife requirements file and return a dict of lines .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  parse   btrfs
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  validate the payload with the given iterator .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  validate   current
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   script
truth:  prints   a

test:  add related module to the appropriate related application .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the *seq* has compatible attribute set .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack all the figures and get the console .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  pack   check
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a filter to use for host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  include   include

test:  wait for tie .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  chops   a
truth:  error   error

test:  get the scorer matches to a collection of the choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   a
truth:  select   null

test:  return true if the variable is a utf8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the users preferred users from salt .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  unzip   users
truth:  configured   null

test:  get card alias for given flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a single server or specified instance .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   up
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copies   fields

test:  helper method .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply two existing transaction objects .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  returns   move
truth:  context   manager

test:  return sequence of sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the minion is running on .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  quit from matlab .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  search   function
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt the string size of the object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  write   initialization
truth:  objects   objects

test:  contract operators .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   sql
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless one domain is true .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  calculate the link to the self .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  calculate   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  sets the browser value of the current thread .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  sets   header
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  query an image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  accepts   find
truth:  find   find

test:  add two numbers .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads a given dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   documentation
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that all missing messages are created correctly .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a dotted module and return the attribute/class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test setup .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   run
truth:  to   null

test:  produce a :class: .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  format   items

test:  immediately integrator for the distance between two 2-dimensional arrays .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   network
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test for issue #1256 .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  break a request object or a black type .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  flattens   class
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the reconstruction of the degree usage: .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be treated if user is required .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node generator to the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  just returns a list of free sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dict from the given tabular value .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  query string search based on parameter arguments .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  query   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the registry .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   dataframe
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and values as values as values as values as values as labels and values as
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test types should be ignored in tests .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   test
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns the coach .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write a command to the boolean file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   store
truth:  write   null

test:  return the first unregistered of user supplied user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  return   add
truth:  view   view

test:  delete file note: the specified file is being used .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a return false .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a string representation of an xml string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a parent-title egg for a db .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the total cost by applying a weighted penalty to the specified layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates a grr variable initialized on shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last last window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the sensor client from := assumed to support sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a string into a dictionary .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sets the suffix of the current request .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  write   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if the object was found in an object or object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  search for git updating an projects .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  search   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives dtype_info_name given particular jail .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some more iterations from [0 .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   lc
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves batch in the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test single model and time them in the given model .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  return a dict of parameters that requirements requirements are the name of the dictionary phrase .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  return   params
truth:  split   split

test:  given a length-d available .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  func   func

test:  converts all of the html attributes to html kb in each of the request .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes the matrix that computes the confirm function .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with empty devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  change default project modules to pass .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a linear interval .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  given   create
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit a matrix code of the data .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return true if name is trailing reserved reserved reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the maximum of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a version string indicating a version of the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic x .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   exclude
truth:  note   note

test:  convert an selinux string to a python underscore string .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   workaround
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  testing backend is already pip requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  perform   test
truth:  test   test

test:  utility for morphing .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  list   list

test:  decode a utf8 unicode string .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a row that is marked as an interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute the node weights and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sigmoid value of cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the given file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   a

test:  if data can be read or the the length of data .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns a queryparser configured to search in multiple fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  decorator that will confirm the right alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the tool tool .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   gcode
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure the name of the stream is enabled .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  test   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  parameters scikit-learn : proper number of fastq to truncate format : array_like string to be fast line string .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   role
truth:  null   helper

test:  if attr_name is none .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  if   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns true if any dependency dependencies arent installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   teardrop
truth:  get   vector3

test:  same as ceil(float_division) .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   image
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a tunnel nodes in the node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  download   build
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for node named vm .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  save   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the stdout from a storage instance on directory .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  scan   check
truth:  to   function

test:  upload the package to the request_type module in it .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of completed ids for the given collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a package name .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  determine the carving of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  cleave   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all valid recording of an image .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value of a tensor .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   sin

test:  remove a member .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  resetwarnings activation function .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  repeat   get
truth:  clear   null

test:  find all files under path .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   path

test:  add a class to json .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  add   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a version number of the resource id .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  return true if the view should be refreshed .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset the specified subsystem for the specified subsystem .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the content of the file cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that view function .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  check if a number is proposed proposed proposed or number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  install a paypal temporary buffer for the given buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  install   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix exponential in taylor series .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return native python string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current git hash for the given git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  null   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  initialize a q object as a list of strings and associated functions for particular minion .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping option names to their escaped option .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signature against hashed message a given body .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire thread .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the specified task object from the task description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test if a bad code is a bad code parameters bad than bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad dhcp options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  instantiate signature corresponding to the given method .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  instantiate   create
truth:  create   create

test:  test that cci image can be loaded .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  test   create
truth:  package   package

test:  update a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  test   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the given template string or a unicode string .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture which returns a temporary dataset for bigquery and bigquery a test .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo decorator for sequences of recurrence theorem .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all of the virtual package cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  list   list

test:  return a mysensors climate for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the permission that a list .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  return   return
truth:  add   things

test:  remove an element from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a file-like object .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validate actions corresponding to provider logs .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc res .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launches gcd cases in batches .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print a python object to a string representation .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   method
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about a specific audit audit period for a given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  return   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stderr the temporal code that temporal code .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   stderr
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open to open the project extensions .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  given the button dictionary .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  given   format
truth:  process   process

test:  search for log file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a request with a cache path .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the normalizationnotimplemented' metric of g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  add a bootstrap message to the class specified by the bootstrap module .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a pool connection groups from elb .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the directory for the container if it doesnt exist .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate standard deviation for parity vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher msg on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return all tags as a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   new

test:  get a message with the given user type .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  index   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  query   sets
truth:  create   a

test:  if output headers have a proper http request .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a resource action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  return the ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop through the loop to the line intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  point   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified file and changes to the final image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test if a topic can be parsed without the entire topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the current campaign .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  restore the proxy .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  simplified   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  catch the exception detail .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci ips by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compile the python code for an exercise .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  to   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the request level exists .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  imports a dotted-path python module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  writes the shape of the sequences using shape and return a variant model .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the action representation of an existing trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie player .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' strips suffix -e if it contains one .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends a currently active topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  return whether user is an passwdprog user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that linear differential equation for scipy c{ .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  computes a string of bytes from the specified text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a template to the right dicts .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the mappings position to a boto3 format .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  take the full path path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  take   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  check to see method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  make a test as expected and http request .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  make   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a random integer part of the chain .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   use

test:  basic the version of the operation to put it in place .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  make   routine
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a tuple of cmd .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get global summary of a http driver driver .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   return
truth:  import   a

test:  decode the docker component .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  debug   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the index of k which can be written to *obj* .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  return   index
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a panel to the top of the given panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  accepts   copies
truth:  add   column

test:  replaces camelcase characters in lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  return the string truthy/falsey function .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively return all files from the given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same as the whitespace .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string of time since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  import the given node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  import   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  choose the place of nan to use in probability distribution .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  determines whether a function is a callable and true or false .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   check
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  insert basic job group .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   import
truth:  starts   a

test:  returns a map of window for a user which will get the symbol in a timezone .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check pillar data and verbose_name_plural .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the provided (for on the systems file .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  pure implementation of pseq .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string to the sha1sum or jpeg .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  return   start
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a count of api client installed into an es_conn_config .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert value to default values .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   item
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait until the specified time has a assertion until the specified state .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   call
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper to restore the partial collection of ccx revert properly protected by ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  to   create
truth:  context   context

test:  import json by name .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  import   return
truth:  to   try

test:  label a categorical scalar .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  label   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a word id .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a loop that returns the specified function to be exceeded .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  if   retry
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop a server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new hub for the provided function .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  echo a query or a movie .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  processes   stack
truth:  null   information

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  null   text
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the ps group components of copy: and rst .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all workflow status .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  trim a template to be run in the branch for the then look up to jinja it to jinja .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check if an entry is a string .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  insert any number of rows .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve a list of plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  retrieve   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return the n-th norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  verify the code directory from local revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a helper which returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if this country is a possible country name .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the same as a 0 .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  offset   offset

test:  split and return the github url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  strips   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the float with the float of the number of days in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   notification
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a transform of the data along the given axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with tensorflow data .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   no
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse all ratings in name .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  flatten   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  common reboot .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application support .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  estimate a source code from command-line interface .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  demonstrates   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the character string .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  convert   sequence
truth:  get   get

test:  copy of p1 and item .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  align   inverse
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that the value is a valid object .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  require remote tomcat to be run .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  require   address
truth:  start   start

test:  given a remote refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that accentuated fails from file object .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  because and return the default string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast types to alloc with only one alloc inputs .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes per content to other .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   list
truth:  function   function

test:  load the el data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the scenario for scenarios by default name .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a list of tuples to a single tuple .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a minimums graph to the spm size of a color string .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery jquery .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   student
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return the ipdb representation of the current thread .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  return   run
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a blob which can be changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of languages languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  update hea stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  update   null
truth:  account   account

test:  issue issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: rows is fully qualified header .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  no time series page .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  do   null

test:  return the collectors specified in the module containing the collectors api and load it from a module .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  constructs   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from element node .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get subscription subscriptions for given node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an arbitrary object to its associated with a list of model .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group objs webapp requests header .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  add   add

test:  maximum of array elements over a given axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  returns   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  if the vlanid longer than the interface or expired interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   check
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all connections from the mysql command to other minions .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the argparse arguments to the options for this module .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  create an colour string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  format a double image for a double image .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  format   statistics
truth:  returns   a

test:  return existing table at which users are assigned .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  null   null

test:  update a timer .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the compiler bits used for an error .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  and_expression : relational_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns true if the os .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  print a stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   callback
truth:  enable   console

test:  return the id of the specified api .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set password for a 2d password .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return string or unicode instance .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  returns people relationship between user loader .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  get   relationship

test:  returns a list of lower whitelisted by a lower bounds .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  internal routine to join indices and join them .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters in hidden fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  renders   wrapper
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that distance between different change: or numpy array .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   in
truth:  creating   test

test:  return true if the options have a ignore creating/updating .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   check

test:  configure a shell command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  sets   imports
truth:  execute   null

test:  start the designated application .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  start   start
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip all ansi from a string in the string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the pending test suite .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a project with rois turned on the backend .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  project   image

test:  return the current linux os .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install internet package if twisted is not the same twisted as the current twisted internet .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant for key file .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  create a new ssl certificate using the ssl certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  returns an email address for a user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if a string is a beta .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  convert bytes to time string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  c{maintype} a background background image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  display   init
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return urls in the thumbnail if no ssl alias is found .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  stored   source
truth:  return   return

test:  balance balance scalar .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  for backends map of node2 .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of tuples representing the given tag .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns the shape kron of the ordinary diags .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  intialize a public key c .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert datetime to a datetime object .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle app and unpickle code for a particular type .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  download   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  write the unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  formats a group grouping so it can be used as one block .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  url   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return a unicode string name for use in python 2 .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if and only if the graph is edges in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dynamically load a setting a class and returns a message exception .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  loads   helper
truth:  module   module

test:  return useful without area .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initialize a column with xs in a given list of row as xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  samples   nodes
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote a single value in the hash .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  get an openid keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  ensure basehandler implementation works correctly .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a table of a list of templates .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the latest groups for all latest reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a time string to a datetime object .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch the content at the given url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  return   return

test:  mock requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all networks for fixed interface in the table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete stream page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  stream   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected dict for an error preference .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns the correct valid handler .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  fixes custom mouse status .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  serves   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  handles   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  return   link
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check for avg .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  check   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates an abstract sql server in speaker .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  callback   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  select a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  scroll   null
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a list of variables or a nested dictionary .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the lines of an terminal memory .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determines which c module if c is already imported .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a equality can reach the selected timeout .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   function
truth:  resize   a

test:  return the list of users in the given list of users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an object to the arguments like a dictionary keyed with object types and the number of votes values in a context variable .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an bytes of a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  null   encoder

test:  make sure the given filename is a valid python filenames .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  make   return
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message to check the server is valid .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   verifies
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the pattern in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  returns   escape
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where the zero and zero are the zero mask .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  return information about a rejected based on the aws match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   prefix
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression | expression | expression | expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression equals expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt is a public cipher .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convert sent to utf-8 string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generate static files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the load to the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk layer are not on-disk after format conversion .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the file system to be used from the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a string of an absolute filename .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  return the html document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return named sysctl configuration variables .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   system

test:  fildlist -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  encode the job id as json .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a scipy sparse format to an instance of grabbing the symmetric zone .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a single filename .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the app .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disable all the test inputs .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that distances can check for a transform transforms and barycentric other systems .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  parse a particular content-type header .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the inverse of the svd svd .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tensorflow variable initialized on a tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert default default default default default default default default default default default .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the path for zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   root
truth:  get   get

test:  convert files in column into a list .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  read   a

test:  strips and trailing whitespace characters from strings .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   encode
truth:  removes   null

test:  if the given object from an object with type interfaces .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  make sure exit code with username/password .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   configurations
truth:  make   null

test:  given a list of models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  rbf the manifest after markdown is set .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  object   null
truth:  update   extension

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  this is the :mod:salt nodes or objective on the tree received in the tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   search
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the salt cloud storage .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a filename is double s_in .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of values in iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the kernel name .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a fixture providing a user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  require   a

test:  normalize the current rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that duplicate can be modified in a system .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   user
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a dictionary of specific fields into the default and low class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  check if a network address is a throttles by checking if it exists .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a argparse integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused cname id and an original nameif cname .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network device assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dump all the common blocks to the current instance .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  block   block

test:  maskscore -> d0 samples by x such as a score function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a gce to be gce using the given configuration .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  github   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   page
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  get the current statistics of the given oscillator offset as a byte string .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  for image backends .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  list admin dejsonize for a task .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  flush   task
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  decodes   plaintext
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the url to the url en using ipv6 address .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all subdirectories cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a string of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that distances are at least one distance between each distance .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  testing   in
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments as appropriate arguments with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  check that the argument list is valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the translated format type of users .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true iff the generated output input .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator for remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield temporary file and use a temporary temporary directory and relevant suffix only .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  returns the python module name as a valid import original callback .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  same as openid but for openid the openid backend .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised when make-bcache is large .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  insert   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a validator .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  patch attempts to enable backend dependencies .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  resolve   windows
truth:  patches   patches

test:  check if data is df[columns] to be action .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  write   request
truth:  drops   drops

test:  read the footer from the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  read   acls
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version number .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  like query_super .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  determine if the word ends with an infinite block .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  evaluate   block
truth:  create   create

test:  like make_wrappable() .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns the bad function of a worker or a specific function .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the dict even if obj is not a particular axis .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  anyone command line options for the commands .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  help   help

test:  wsgi wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value pair .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a windows loop by the default loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack options to the subversion dictionary .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called after an user has been modified .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  called   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove the above additions of permissions from an existing image type .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the "content-type" factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return the temporarily temporarily fills the line of the line .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate user name .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  module   replacement
truth:  view   view

test:  convert 2d model from model to idx['query'] archive based on the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets something from being used and return the flag boot boot .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   current

test:  an iterator iterator over a multiple of the dask functions .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the sql level from a file name .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the control configuration require the state of the server .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  return a area of image links from image .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  return the number of last complexity' report to a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a set of all the first occurred bar .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  run an assets server in the $ directory .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  is the given function for 1d routines on win32 max_depth .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the instapush platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test same_domain with adding adding different adding reversion .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if s is a user-provided object .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task by id .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test dimension of validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of default base base base variables .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  the final floating point points for sst .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single page .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  patches   match
truth:  export   doclist

test:  return the directory that the large_pdb_shim is available .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  check the workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  check   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a new rpc object .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  is   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the type in the given type .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available hydrological sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate all the current timestamp for an iterator which returns hex output .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable a given flag .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test basic tab lookup .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   shapes
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the angle from radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  try to guess the stats for a bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   return
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid one octet string for being a stream identifier in one single format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the standard key .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  check discrete map of discrete hypergeometric length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  null   computation
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input variables .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   parent

test:  test whether a users openid url .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  handles   display
truth:  render   a

test:  returns default timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a string for a musicbrainz frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  parse a package lock has removed from the package to delete the package database .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  installs   list
truth:  specified   remove

test:  handle / add web server .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  project   management

test:  return a version of the directory that contains a given version .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure changes from the api api response is valid .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  list   list

test:  synchronous sqlite connections and wait connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   paramiko
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the message messages for the current request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge 2 dicts where second_dict values are added 2 .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage manage ip addresses for the address from smtp interface .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  query   need
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify class can cause a single class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  utility to cause subtasks to input json output .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  to   function
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of the redis queue .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the api name of the api .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  returns the column that closely .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  returns   alias
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url and storage url in the given wiki code .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a routing otu table from the database .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  reconstruct   seed
truth:  returns   log10

test:  returns the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of value .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  used by contains_nan .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  see pull request #684 for linearity .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  see   cache
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a dictionary into the existing pair .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  track   keys
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update projects .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  list all pending 'mem' .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   alignment
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the nearest mean of a little little multiple vowel-consonant pairs .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return only work in bti form .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find a login form .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment model class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get coverage files under data .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the request is not passed to the given request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  <= sysadmins .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   function
truth:  ignore   null

test:  return the parameters .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  show   show

test:  compute m values; error .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  compute   split
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  a axis for erfc .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters data date based on current year .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   parameters

test:  computes the class of the simple metric module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if model has the specified package from the primary models .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  returns the single virtual machine data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing a wheel with pip dist-info' .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two arrays using results in a two arrays .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the current fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the historical tuples from a list of wanted .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  fix   function
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the logged-in request is running on the passed request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the modified key as a dictionary .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  plot a plot that can generate a plot .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target if the given target is in the given target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  encrypts string encoded base64 encoded base64 .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is a crappy function with the same id as the distributed server .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  used in reallocation if timestamp is sent into utc .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator that automatically extracts the right callable .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ysmag scaling of the input sinusoidal loops .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  scaling   retry
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a string of html <= tags .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  install all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper to format the value for any of a list of running balancer .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check if the file is available .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the contents of the desired event has deprecated .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert default role into the given ]rest .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   nodes
truth:  insert   insert

test:  create problem state entirely for all students on a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  issue   update
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for djangos reverse .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   behavior

test:  returns the slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object classes in use for a particular object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet sensors .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a dask dataframe parameters token : array-like name of dd returns in which token .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load and load an 8-bit header .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  get   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the prefix for an asset template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  get   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user for help in which a string is a number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  translates sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the add graph to the graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a matrix product of the two terms of a and b .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  returns   details
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for operation calls .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of the first specs .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support for copy_reg to pickle module refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the rule matching a rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  checks   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a list of tuples of all the line numbers .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   base
truth:  list   list

test:  return strings strings start with given box packed os x .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  query   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update the foreign property for a given key .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  deletes a security group with the specified name or id .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the name of a specific uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to retrieve a file of a specified bank .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample by taking the average on an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder setting for a site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the filepath example example example example example example into one .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a version of an rpc filters .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add request to urllib2 .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  generate   variables
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  decrement   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if given intent is a valid intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email containing containing containing containing containing notify .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   django
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  this is called just before the api functions that was uppercase .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  convert   level

test:  reduce the memmap matrix for memmap of memmap .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  reduce   compute
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters for binned distribution parameters distfn : distribution the estimate of the parameters statistic : distribution instance needs to have mle mle : distribution .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  evaluates   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays debug page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   convert
truth:  view   view

test:  flatten a vector with an axis of pyspark .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file f in the given path .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   objects
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state and return a communication based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  return   value
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris and plot a gray graph .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  formats the file size like a human readable format .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some qute_bdd_webengine headers to the course regarding html headers to get a hexdigest .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  test   null
truth:  append   append

test:  return the previous outgoing flag for cycles .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set a percent_subsample: object and the data .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   environment
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a successful response to a raw http response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the cartesian argument where "normalized" are in a given string v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the lang packages .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder publish trend reports with text .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   settings
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all state of the stack .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets the list of usernames in human readable usernames .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   usernames
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the pdf class out of the passed data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   result

test:  reads the named pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from the given iterator .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  regression test for bug wont work .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary words and no data .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  converts variables to unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  hash   sort
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a dict with the keys from the value of dict and values .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  be   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  effect the name of a frame .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack the binary variation of a binary string .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  translates   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  read 1000 units at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the tanh of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the causes options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the specified sequences from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  map files under src to find full mod(p**) .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  move   list
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all sql constraints statements for a particular table and return a list of statements .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  collect detailed program .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  render   formset

test:  add a new service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  aggregate stats that this page .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  index   matching
truth:  stats   stats

test:  generate binscope and download the options .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  require   python
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates some redirects to the end of the given request .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  generates   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for filters that alter present in an instance .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   checks
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a collection resource or none .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns an in-memory file if it is correct .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  returns a list of all registered requests requests as local status .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  view   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return the number of 0 .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   expression
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the js template files .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cache manager for global pair of objects .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  given an integerfield .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  mark   helper
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the hyperbolic camera of local a[0] .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a response is accept to upgrade str or patch .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  match   match

test:  infer a class decorator to be a class from raw classes .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the weights of a file and group 'individual' * if the weights is being used .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  report   return
truth:  show   show

test:  checks user auth and full email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the currently active ft_library object as a dictionary .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a node that evaluates a node of data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  render the .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  render   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator that makes components of handlers .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  sum   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model constraints in the :ref:user of the model and validate them .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validates   return
truth:  check   check

test:  add the stroke settings to the module .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  kbengine method .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   queries
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code code
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  simple markup base64 .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  for our tests .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  null   null

test:  update google cloud storage .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  update   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a user object in the datastore with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   user
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return all items in the item .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   elements

test:  return what labels are matplotlib tree .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a fixed-size field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  aggregate changed file since last sync .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  file   test
truth:  null   languages

test:  itemgetter old-style .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  maps   functionality
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  return true iff the task is a task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document with highest prefixes .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  set the size of a finder window for folder to .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  set   set
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for jars tests .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a string in a list of values .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  some of the yet along the given piece of [filename] .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all valid locale for the given locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the arguments in primer .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   home
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  do   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write libraries of opengl files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   files
truth:  write   a

test:  drop log of all curve directories .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drop   images
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is 'netbsd' or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect prefix to the current process .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  test -p .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  getting   tag
truth:  test   test

test:  return the structured keywords .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  to   null

test:  temporary function .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm needs a display-name .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  given a hash .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return the mac adapters adapters .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create flat slug in flat classes .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no agent is created correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  retrieves the object details as a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the quay method used to render the current extensions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   vcpu_pin_set
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current powershell keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  execute   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the node representation of a string in edge .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  convert   a

test:  get unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that score can be vlan_name against the decision score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  check   null
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a generated feed for a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the name of the directory .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the name of the module string for each module .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is instance and metacharacters a dictionary whose content is available .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return string containing an ssl nicer which is not in ssl .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  string   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  test that the current time has admin key in the given target .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if layer is from the params .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a public key type .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  items view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img canvas of the specified size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  launch   print
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the unfulfilled gating milestones associated with the given course_key and the given course and minimum content .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require bootstrap qemu management for the repository .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  change   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  extract matplotlib rc from deprecated words and write them to deprecated .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the client function .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  if   start
truth:  null   entry

test:  insert selected branch to the corresponding branch in a certain branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  selected   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a version string for the application provided in this python version .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the main function for reg objects .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  null   hosts
truth:  walk   null

test:  show the cli as proxies .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  add   add

test:  return the number of cpus a task .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   system
truth:  function   function

test:  function used to compute the actual numpy array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   broadcast
truth:  function   function

test:  pure pure integer without storing the first kind .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot indicated by default snapshot harder to true will translate opposed .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   filesystem
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the correct get_all_stats function .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the eigenvectors points to right points and a new points to right .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  convert   estimate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  if a unit test has changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  selects the current tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  request   tables
truth:  generates   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  computes the string of the concatenation of a string s using an md5 hash algorithm .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   convert
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  -r that rewrites a list of pathnames .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string escaped by the given string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  returns a sequenceexample string of image ids into a sequenceexample file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  instantiate   decode
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the project .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a thread to a function .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the python_egg_cache cache location for the named default cache location parameters .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the localised literal number in the input string .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find find y value from four data .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the policy associated with a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri string into a valid url .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the name of the iterable type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return system system path .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  search   a
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the context enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install one or more than one document and its illegal .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  install   apts
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   indentation
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended euclidean algorithm of two numbers .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   complex
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  determine if the user is running via a async model .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  to   null

test:  grab the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  grab   runs
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current date in the format .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  used   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return http status code plus an integer code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   status

test:  given the ace .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a course_id and comment_id for datastore with due date in a given student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to catch a fake tree of a trust file handle .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a list of current column that meet the corresponding string .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  parses   reverse
truth:  null   null

test:  find the inverse where looking for matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file filename .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file to the linux package .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   mark
truth:  null   a

test:  delete a user as ssh rules with the deleted form .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  render   render

test:  remove multiple keys from old values .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the cci instance and return before/after if successful .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of http headers into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generic fixture additions .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  used   null

test:  add tree to valid tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a string or file-like object .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  deletes until each time has been processed .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  take   a

test:  clear a port formatted name the name of the port to clear .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  infer   packages
truth:  null   a

test:  validates basic exceptions for commas .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  if we can if any layouts of capitalization nodes in them .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  if   node
truth:  surround   null

test:  test that traited .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  listen in the event loop is handled by the current word object .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  return   current
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  the html report for a student in the given course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a user object .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an width name .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing a relative git git url which contains editable files .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  return the name .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get reindent lines used by measures the python diff of regions .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a text in javascript text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  helper function to get default company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  function   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a function or method as an unauthenticated method .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   func
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the proper token value from the secret token .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the stable api type for the given function or an argument types .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  set debconf service immediately the services cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts request header as provided .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  enable an event on the hidden option or $ .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  require   media
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in laguerre .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  returns a dict with the data type if data is a valid url .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  returns   dict
truth:  check   a

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  a utility function that downloads a resource from an image file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a dict of all available locations/datacenters .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator that callables context manager are set to stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  replaces   a

test:  git any specified remote repository from remote repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  push   path
truth:  apply   a

test:  make a relationship url .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether the request is enabled .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  check   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  call the supplied version of base64 .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the rfxtrx sharing the f**( event .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns all sorted limit .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  null   raf
truth:  set   set

test:  list out the available file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  files   get
truth:  create   a

test:  set float adjust option as string .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the line of a line containing synchronization data .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  download   check
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the network identifier for the specified vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads lines from the given line completion .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the given html characters in string html sequences .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  convert   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return html view by overview and updates html .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run a libcloud test on a given task and return its inferred .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account group details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  create an docker client .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the list of codename from the given user .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute fixed sources in a complicated series .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parses keyword expression or the deviations .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns pages classes .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all deleted deleted .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register a function as vcs events .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  mark   document
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete default arguments .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  render   a

test:  check for mayavi .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find the name of the given lowext by looking at a given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  parse a time in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  construct   convert
truth:  given   day

test:  test epochs of evoked data .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  preload   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  if target is enabled .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  if   parses
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of standard sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new datacenter in the current datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a intag[ matches any of the series/index .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  if   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  lazy variant of deprecated repeat .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return classes of argstr .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  object   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  main entry point .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  default   display
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the manager to a check object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  render formstyle for filters on single form type .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  render   prompt
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  format metric for current metric .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate the secret key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   seconds
truth:  generate   generate

test:  upload a hash to the given encryption .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  return a dict of get_persistent and a dmf method in aside_types .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import and return if we are running or not .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return reflection matrix to normal reflection by reflection point and normal point along normal vector .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a class instance to a protobuf instance object .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a file or a python module into a python module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return an iterator over all occurrences of the strings present in a string .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the word from word to get endpoint .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   nth
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform two matrices by blended .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  extract input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  extract   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent name the name of the template to remove .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if the input is an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a valid code .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve information by provider provider .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   backend
truth:  url   url

test:  return an 'shutdown' application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  start   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  equate setquota function .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  step   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  generates the number of occurrences for a particular count in order to determine the correct count increasing identifier .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  generates   flavor
truth:  returns   a

test:  add editable .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if the user is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   a
truth:  used   function

test:  take a page and a one page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a list of open file descriptors for the current unauthenticated .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if this sequence is a lettersif followed by an available letter .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic lights platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of zookeeper nodes of egg nodes .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for building the track state changes from either keeps or os-dependent .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  test events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  test   find
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad a multiple labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  pad   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  return value .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  return   package
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse lines in the struct int .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  return   python
truth:  formats   formats

test:  returns true if path is executable .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  get required options for use in config .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  query   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case where there is no formatters while uploading .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  is   method
truth:  model   a

test:  return a list of file names .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exploration answers with the given state and values as values .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize multiple backlog tests to get global backlog .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  define   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test unpickle pickle color subject .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  testing   label
truth:  io   io

test:  generate the factory to list of transformers format .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  reads *axis* output from a file in one of several different format .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  reads   convert
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the theme url for the given theme from the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test adding new components to outer scope .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an html page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  move   move

test:  .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  define   spam
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as a return b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively remove all the items from obj .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  evaluate a query string or as a list of tuples .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python source files .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation role that user can not create the invitation .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate exact slices of the two pixels .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test contributions by permission .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  view   null
truth:  if   check

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  generate config state headers from a known-existing file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  config   a
truth:  if   null

test:  add a folder in which action is created .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project form form and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  sets the user as an acl in the given blob .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  prints   prints

test:  display an 'gallery/media if present in the media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  import   null
truth:  null   media

test:  take a number returns its length to a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  if   find
truth:  given   a

test:  get the directory of the command line .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the hmac-sha256 of a new secret body and a new secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the path component of a request .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of descriptions for the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  generate   a

test:  context manager that temporarily change the printed output on a signal in .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  yield   stderr
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement measurement for a bin bin .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   example
truth:  null   null

test:  parse keyword markers in a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find and return the number of rsa pairs sorted by rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  access a icon to the selected icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  access   null
truth:  render   a

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  command   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  function to define an exit code or test .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  write the pfctl configuration files to the desired config file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of a matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  display   uses
truth:  takes   null

test:  display websock a connection for arguments .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test various invalid values passed into one .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a signal on the master .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  execute   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  validate the date string and return a time-zone object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  null   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment format conversion .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute directory path for a given directory .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get the numeric system system system system system seconds in the firewall .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get the corresponding volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load and return a dataset instance from a fits file .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  create   create

test:  get the directory for an attachment file .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  log file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the input complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   test

test:  get a style string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  print   null
truth:  given   a

test:  add new attribute to the course creator status .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait for master server to be deployed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   get
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  stop   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin allows you to put them in the build step .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  called from the neighborhood of the define common code .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate certificate certificate by course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  null   download
truth:  generated   null

test:  given a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  make   a

test:  function for testing tests and generate a single test cases from the worker test .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clear the note that this starts deprecated .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  deletes the filesystem and all associated functions .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  deletes   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  get/create upload and fetch instance into a json file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  iuploader   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  a friendly version of modifies .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename a text .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  write rules to worksheet .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   implements
truth:  write   null

test:  a function which will be valid and post a valid parameter .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a != request .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  define warnings .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports a string based on the given class or the string .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   class

test:  compute the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  find   a

test:  test for symbolic data type from several interval and y .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that vcs or absence of pip can be listed in a mercurial test .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy function that prevents all of the given new access password from the given random port to the given random folder .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  determine the javascript test suite .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return entrance exam usage as a unicode task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  checks if a path is a file .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a rational function .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a mangled implementation function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  exit   dict
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder if x is area or area and y .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compute   area

test:  a strong heavy .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  hex filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   part
truth:  null   null

test:  find whether the repository clusters within a particular cluster .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  view   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen to always returns history from the cursor as history object .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   move

test:  computes the series of changes between two tensors .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  returns a list of the domain for the given resource .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize a streamhandler .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  format the given html escape .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  find and return selection to the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of total ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the requirement file found under path .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse the given encoding or file-like object in encoding and return the corresponding string .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  execute language for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  queries   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses a single table in a given table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  parsing   test
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns of class by name .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  check that we can train the train and running code .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set a group context parameters context : str color of the original color or the color in the original color represented by color .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   color
truth:  set   set

test:  sets the default order form .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  default   default

test:  round the given report with the first node .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch window .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts the given usage string into an object .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  test that the activation outbox is default .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the logsbuffer used by the current logs buffer was flushed .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts bytes or unicode string to unicode .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  file   convert
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that does nothing .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a randomized hash .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return an http client quaternion .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  returns a version of version strings .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   sorting
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return current state for use in javascript for an html page .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   data
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values retrieved from an article list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  this is a wrapper around etime .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  is   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the host url is a valid url or validation .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the state of a state instance to enable other than debugging .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  set   status

test:  convert unit to a unit string of unit elements .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get an ssh file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  build a target aws schema to be lower name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given module .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return scale class by name or none if the axis is not scale .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  '%slayercount%sof%s the given text as a string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  endian-swap with an array-like image name .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  used   return
truth:  unpack   a

test:  create a new preserving of the input data/header .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  test   create
truth:  null   null

test:  load custom document for a document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  check if value is undefined .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the pci interface by ifname .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all zero brightness from a list of strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  derive   calculate
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a global script id to the global namespace name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   names
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a base number from a number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazardkeys filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   nodes
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns html of a locale based on the html document .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of rows .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  callback   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   node
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the css flag that is supported by the database .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  return   css
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate some nonce number .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a unicode parameter for the given prefix and 302 input .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a versioned absolute url .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from light] .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  internal routine to pickle and execute a parallel output after timeout .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   create
truth:  run   a

test:  return a dict with information about the current tokens in a local token .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a list of tuples that are objects[object based on the top of a list of the requested filenames .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  copies a list of users to the update web guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns true if the given object is collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the mute + the mirc directory .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to handles openid signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list into a prelu function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  see all shop instances of the given model .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  moves   function
truth:  matching   matching

test:  yields rgb rgb evenly of some time .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  decrease   rgb
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  add a path to a file system directory .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text by a string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  null   version
truth:  text   text

test:  remove a menu device languages .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  generates   null

test:  the template element in the active template .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the media state object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  generate the url for the current thread .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save an image file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  set config for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  config   ship
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list vulnerabilities required for kb found in a kb format .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a string .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change the owner configuration directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   a

test:  get index value from a index or the index of the first .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash class from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup setup .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a reference to a container with name of the container .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a secure account from the salt api .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the config revision revision for the given app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: system-groovy this plugin introduces a string with the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the 'connectivity' weighted graph .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  send an event on a single event .
truth: list instances . 
test:  send   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation of correlation matrix .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get_init -> gpu_dimshuffle .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  simulates a new lti endpoints for a given lti .
truth: view that . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are different than a semi .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   outputs
truth:  get   get

test:  save a file in the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a single transfer function that contains a series of traces .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a link if select2 is related to any lineage .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  null   task
truth:  share   share

test:  escape a list of validation text .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  process   process

test:  test if a string is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get transport to use for transport in transport with transport and the given transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  given a single file .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  given   get
truth:  function   function

test:  calendar an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  create an image object for the specified image .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  build   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute induction .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield for a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  will match debug flag when debug is optional .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  support   helper
truth:  use   a

test:  common fashion .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  null   alternative

test:  search for the package pkgs .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  search   time
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the md5 hash of a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  generate a random symmetric matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure key with passed name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of platform-specific .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert any python type to a default format .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  handle the current process of the given pid .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add to preselected add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  change an elemwise basis to the desired basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  change   find
truth:  null   space

test:  build a url used to build parameters that may or additional parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  build   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a module by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class decorator that allows us to be used on an interface with a method of a threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  configure   basestring
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the source http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable in-place .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translate a certain length chars in a certain length or a tuple of dictionaries with the attributes and the number of seconds names .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  null   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  set the incoming unicode string .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  set   init
truth:  to   tests

test:  shorthand to lookup an sysrc identity .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  to   null
truth:  store   a

test:  convert a 2d array to the index of the input array .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  convert   array
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  translate query strings to a named host .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  query   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  simple little helper to submit a task in a background file as a background instructor .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run to_balance through a pipe manner .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is a user and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  the most recent rank .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  ensure shapeof .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a llvm member member .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  return   alias
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a string and a tuple .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns the version string for the rfc1123 identity data .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  checks modules to use for matplotlib tests pass this function is used and returns fail if qt version should raise an error if you are not available to use .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  convert f into a multivariate polynomial of f .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a network on all distance or group of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   ping
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   build
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  set   work
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  ensure that a directory tree is exist .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  runs the signal by the given thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  given a service name .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate between from_value and cosine .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  returns true if base64 is of base64 256 password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  mount   try
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with targets of x train .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  update the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  same as controlb .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for a given sqlalchemy table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from a mixture of x .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  canonicalize cant be found in tests .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file named filepath .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  unpack items for volumes .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  maps   grains
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension for the given type based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns all json elapsed layers for the last api call .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve the entry available entry from the plugin name .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  memoized   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  helper function for sample seqs matrix format and add to the values in each sample file .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a csr object from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if the first non-none of a string contains a sequence .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a test to check if the value should be skipped by fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  value   verifies
truth:  null   utility

test:  add a 2d request to the server uri .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  standard error .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a numpy array to a document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  document   document

test:  check if a filename is a valid python string .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   framework

test:  dbdriver blurred against the differential address .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  close   plugin
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the total svd of a vector .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  fcmp an real real type or division type .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  bitcast   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set a video input window .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  masked arrays based on the passed value .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  null   series
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that only one symbol can be converted to a string that an expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  doctest   tests
truth:  null   const

test:  function for integer .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of the travis stack .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the degree .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position of arrays as arrays the same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  null   crud

test:  testing various values with correct values .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert characters in a string to simple strings in useful form .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the specified user from the specified user .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command and return its status .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decodes arg: numeric id from integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  update the specified app with the given configuration .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  update   update
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create the apppools iis name the [r to use .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a fftsurr order density with order interpolation .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return available package available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  print error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  print   warning
truth:  error   error

test:  check if a value is a valid url .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  if   a
truth:  value   value

test:  add get_tuple_coords from exif space .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  creates   toy
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  query a python note that a device is designed .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  called   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  return posts * 7 stats for all editor configuration files in another machine .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  merge   up
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  to   access

test:  installs actions of a hash .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  performs   metadata
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite a posix-like object .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  rewrite   compute
truth:  to   try

test:  check a transforms for various conditions with fragments and check for least common or numpy array .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given one service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return the name of the dictionary to the desired name .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  build a list of tuples that matches the same name .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   convenience
truth:  build   build

test:  test users page where the user is to the users tweets .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  train   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  checks whether a duration is already in duration .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  place   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a whitelist for a given whitelist .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if every stock within nucleotide stock .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  if   check
truth:  allows   null

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  show user unsubscribe in new email address .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  show   use
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the relative percentile value for the mean of the input array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all query matching query .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the connection to the given connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  tests the matrix whose gradient is assert .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build a message to the daemon .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  validation validation handler .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  null   error
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  policy to turn a function into a fake thread .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  sysfs -> bcache sysfs with the required device name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  adds a function as a method decorator to the given tag .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  process statistics of command-line statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  check   links
truth:  string   string

test:  gets the album tag for a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  returns   entries
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the event for the specified event .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare data to dict .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for the named service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if module is a module name from if-else .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  if   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module as a particular cpu module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute distances distances .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serve the given 304 .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  serve   average
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* individuals for hideki .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a dict of binary images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return true .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  display the while we copy the given request .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  return   read
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model model from model_file_name and return .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  options html document .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  clone   windows
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  the main entry point for the domain .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  performs   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test upgrade a vcs command-line arguments .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  help   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  incoming incoming array to match the current successfull array .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is registered .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  function   json
truth:  import   a

test:  returns a dict .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  module   module

test:  build a dictionary from the given ini file .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  testing the transfields language .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   html

test:  make a console instance info on the cons info .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  make   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  runs the main function with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  runs   print
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypt protected as an encrypted bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a file descriptor to the given file descriptor .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  make   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  convert a dictionary into a single string and write it .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  function for the user .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of f .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  returns   inserts
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the data stream of a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of module objects for mapping pools as type for mapping rather than 2 .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the device is properly handled by cuda .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add host dictionary containing the given users in a list of users corresponding to the given user .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  code   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  simplified xml schema file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return a volumes list of volumes for a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  match length of donut parameters .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user user user the password of the user to connect to connect name the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deprecated use for verbose .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  given   a

test:  convert links to text string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a dict describing admin db .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   get

test:  move history through history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  encode a payload using base64 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   helper
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a web server by options .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap api calls to make sure that the response is like function .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get alarm status for windows .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get common common common common common common common common common common common common common common common files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all disk images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns unique content read from cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for a request to become available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  test unless a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clean up branch by removing the ccx and assign into a ccx containing all of the fields in the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make a dict of tuples into a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  given   a

test:  open an html file with the given name and open contents .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  function   function

test:  attempt to delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  output   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of the given object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  expand the libcloud data into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  expand   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with length chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip decorated test unless it has a specific commands as null .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the decoder or http(s) values .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts expr into a string of the given expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  function   function

test:  outputs a version string to be used for the state .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  release   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the code from the increment function .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the given period as an associated repo .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  display   help
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific sm volume id .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  build the reply[ print fields for pwnstaller .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  set symbols and sympy functions given functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  get   check
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  name the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string representation of the data against the given data .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  encodes to setting[ setting into required settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching and also be committed upon patching the default monkey function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all dereferenced receivers from global tables this guards is not implemented by the given signal .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  return   disconnect
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 0 b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a class found in the audio way to represent it .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  callback for showing the grains of the specific grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the dot product of the point and y components .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  convert   pvalues
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the server for the smtp flag smtp version of the server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  lists   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  make sure that no system is win32 .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  compute discrete items in an input is discrete and the integer args .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of the line number in a node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm and wait for it .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  compute a degree .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generate random string of random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  generate   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a g[i] .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned by the last job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  logical improvement based on an arbitrary shape .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test rasterization against html .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   image

test:  display the current machine zones .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  display   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a group and installs it as defined by the childrens .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a given header string as a utf-8 string encoded header .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  if any of the specified validators pass the doc validators .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when the exception is raised by the current exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with one of the top exploration objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the template layout that contains the given layout and any effect .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  render   a

test:  given a policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  csv a string of csv data this routine takes a alignment object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  formats   counters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the traffic dictionaries in the background .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  helper method to find the list of files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  if f is a jar and 1 .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  return   tan
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   geometry

test:  push python data to the appropriate temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get services for a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  iterate   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the status for the mysql database .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of ^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  get the chunk[u'range'][u'start'][u'filepath']chunks chunks from a sequence of arbitrary counts .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  get   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escapes the given text with adding ansi characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  return the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  evaluate a function or method used as a policy .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of thought by the given stream .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   null

test:  simple view for all of the request .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create all translations from folder as defined in settings format .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  call   translations
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to rebuild a new affiliates-role for a person entity from a role entity http response code .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  to   method
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a scene properties is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  prepare tfr source localization .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  prepare   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a line in a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  search   find
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  extract all files listed in the given subset of a python class .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  extract   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  usually usually handler .
truth: given a request . 
test:  receive   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  save language to a store store in store as json string .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the users dict of a given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   try
truth:  known   find

test:  back up a python module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of images suitable for use wit the tinymce external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  start   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the list of events to work with random cython + clip_count= .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a python module or name .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  function that checks if and not the bound is in the sympy .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  test   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility function: mysql connection from mysql .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  reads slices and right documentation for the given scrapy .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  unregister   helper
truth:  extracts   null

test:  a decorator with the return value of the elements in a function .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load password from a rsa rsa .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  use   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  returns the string of a fallback format based on its code .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   date

test:  extract links from the git page .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   version
truth:  function   function

test:  get pillar and pillar out for the given arn .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  known   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset token with user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  view   view

test:  convert translatable to locale and translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  join   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  format a color with color index_name .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  color   names

test:  makes sure that a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a string to an ip address .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  convert   a

test:  handler for muting .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find the xlimits of the given oracle to be the left corner .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  find   source
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if the named service is installed on boot .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with the cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a context manager that replaces computer .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  null   start
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns a utility function of any two arguments .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print up to limit from file located in a traceback .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   file
truth:  print   up

test:  makes the list points in a string .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get data in a bootstrap way .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  function   return
truth:  samples   samples

test:  wrapper for py2exe .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   return
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for required@require requests .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  executes command output of the python interpreter .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   returns
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that attribute works with for filter works .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of available updates for the course that are required for the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  find the square root of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  users session session on user settings page .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   handler
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and lower and lower bounds and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   find
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the current libc version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other elements .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  adds a callback to the application script .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  is   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get a driver connection for the provider provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given a user .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  butterworth digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  cumulative quadrature .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the status of an elb rotation for the specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   status

test:  return a list of headers from the provided header dict .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  return   jobs
truth:  function   function

test:  merge two sorted objects .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   calculate
truth:  merge   merge

test:  login messages .
truth: login to router . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  to   login

test:  convert a boolean .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  convert   input
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  username   multiple
truth:  try   a

test:  build a way with correlation export .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  build   function
truth:  initializes   null

test:  test that we can be passed to the correct locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a event transaction object generated by a chain of event id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate usage commands .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a list of common all common prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  given   find
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  wrap a function as typing .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that this is a positive integer .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validate   converts
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process a medias console linestyle .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   process
truth:  display   a

test:  return the index of the streams for the given language format .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  check shape_i of 2d numpy arrays parameters sparse ndarray the similarity of x : array-like returns numpy ndarray .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the creation stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper on accessing a parameter dictionary as parameter value .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  returns the time .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  split   split

test:  computes hid which are two generally in the expression .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  performs   gradient
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  logs an exception if output is true .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  logs   step
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a correct type from a errors/mismatches object and a list of dicts .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of disk .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  port   null
truth:  return   return

test:  show the names and an error .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  serializes   get
truth:  return   return

test:  find the python number in bytes .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  find   return
truth:  file   file

test:  a normal cache class .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about the lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect a user to redirect from username .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  request   password
truth:  ban   a

test:  return databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   a
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute 6 credentials go through amf agree .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  compute   h

test:  get the index of a boolean .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   example
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address of the first request or clears an api client .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  normalize sector list: .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the supplied template can be saved .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a exprexpr expression into a exprexpr expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of a particular job id .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   account
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this string can be joined into one of the line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a dump for a deprecated clock .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the python path from path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   equality
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for the value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line containing the beginning of the line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  reset   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  if no address is a tuple .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wait until a vm does not have available at the given session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  to   start
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  function to handle the exception from another exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  to   verifies
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a leaf tree structure for all the same length as trivial examples .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   struct
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that redactionpolicy data object is not sharing multiple than shutil .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert posix digit if no kind of the floating-point kind .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   return
truth:  count   count

test:  return the total directory where ctf is raw .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  preloading   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test some advanced function .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and slave on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  replace assignments and assign an instance of cls .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular text entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the value followed by the given value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value byte string .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  use this function to run the reactor run as defined by the reactor object .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   function
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a devicerecord representation of strong bindings with fields replaced by replacing each directory structure in separate fstruct .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  pull context dictionary from docker .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return true if this string is a valid python string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  search for alignment characters in local sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  search   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   outputs
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  return either wait file descriptors are atom for wildcard .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an index of all top-level actions for the given module .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a no-op .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  null   dummy

test:  true if the given class is a class instance .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator to printable strings from a file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove exactly the content database .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require english test language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a requirements_all for given variant .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  default events page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   events

test:  revoke comments from the given device .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test if a specific extension is installed cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  if   function
truth:  get   info

test:  strip polynomials in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cpu cpu portion of the cpu page .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build length string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  build   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default helper function to create an depart depart return the default translation block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  null   document
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected query nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a dictionary of tests to a dict .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload an object to a file-like object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   files
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of writes in an otu_table .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  null   elements

test:  return the given value of the given threshold file in guess .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named name .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a value to the given value .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external dataverse if user associated with provider and provider table .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   api
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return the number of closing used in an infinite opening .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  returns a dict of the form password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a descriptor object .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  determine if 'loggernotderivedfromlogging class is suitable for use discard .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   boto
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a domain or error messages from the added added by to_path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  raise an accesserror if a uri is a valid python match .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  check   check

test:  creates a node parameters from the given value .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a package as an upgrade resource from k output .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents modified modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  adds a vector color with any given color and returns a tuple of tuples .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  adds   text
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the tool shed repository for the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a list of strings .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get unpacked loops from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven clause clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check quickly with the targeted contents .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a neighbor of constant value .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the coefficient of the two array after variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  squares   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  some default normal function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the given ugettext callable .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  computes   count
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an owner and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  return the key from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build from the lowercased library to build .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  authentication basic auth to allow easy to the required auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   http

test:  returns a string or become json .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  link   a
truth:  render   render

test:  return a lookup associated with the provided prefix .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the block mapping is block to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove any common prefix from a list of invalid components found in a particular group .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  assemble   null
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get an instance of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a binary mask of an existing mask or a mask .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory that does not exist for the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns the custom config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  return   return

test:  load a specific jobs records .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  returns ipv4 ip table .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  convert string form to the object form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register one method in the str2long() case .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  a context manager that closely outside the given validation code .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  return   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a given process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  processes   processes

test:  can the users status for a comment status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start an action .
truth: start a node . 
test:  suspend   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  scroll   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return an index of the filesystem info and any other db .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default action .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  skip test for videodescriptor mode .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  load post messages from language and return it as json .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  load   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager for computing the activation function .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   use
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  null   a
truth:  close   a

test:  returns output from line of output lines .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  returns   whitespace
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute nested fft from vector .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if device is an local device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that of nested command in a list of env .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  context   context

test:  return a link to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  files   files

test:  get all backups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify a parameter / push libraries .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test either if an error is raised when the range of a bad value is invalid .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   difference

test:  find the first leaf tokens belonging to a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the vbd record for the vm that are attached to the vm reference .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dynamic object by name .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  return   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make a dll .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  lift a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  throw   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_one_default __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_tag_current_app
truth:  expected   null

test:  check if the input data is compatible with statsmodels .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the name of a parent group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  find an active orm key expired .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  null   null
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   incidents
truth:  list   services

test:  check if a user is actually a given profile instance .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  add or include mathjax script to the language .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   window
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove the aligned directory that contains hg files .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given clause clause is present in the list .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create the base directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  to   path
truth:  ensure   null

test:  common code indicating the fallocate processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the conch indices in use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open paths for hotkeys -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  show   paths
truth:  open   open

test:  check that log line is deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  catch   -
truth:  -   -

test:  start all globally server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  start   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse out what lines are exactly one or more lines in the format .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  transform a page into a normal page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check if python version is running and updated with web .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive space as a pointer object .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  asserts that the block can be overridden by the given block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set current user and name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  get   user
truth:  set   user

test:  makes sure that path is parent directory for current directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  create   a

test:  same as above .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create an anonymous users .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   content
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if yaml cases in python 2 .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  check   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  create a base value for a list of base .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  make a 2d entry from path .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that the find_current_module headers are properly parsed into an rfc footer .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given url .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  return the currently set .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the same api takes one or more vms .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for url this test the full viewer and passing the gw .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a rc2 to a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   f

test:  check the directory named file is set .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create {'ipsecpolicy' setting .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style dictionary .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove old metadata from store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  get the number of seconds board n times .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  checks   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all docdict options to the function call .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  use   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  create   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a output variable and stores it down a shut corpus .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return random string of provided digits .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the resource view of a resource into the given resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  close a review request based on its id and remove them .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  close   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  replaces the string from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  color   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object with scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  set   set
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  description] command minus the specified cli example: .
truth: create a role . 
test:  command   image
truth:  create   a

test:  iteration add view to follow activity user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  view   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all spyder/widgets/variableexplorer/utils/monitor html markup .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   name
truth:  null   number

test:  load a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  return network commands .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  do   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  reuse a quotes and return a dict from the exists .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return all the post/get method .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  formats a string of the class_ b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  measures   null

test:  mill the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  dwindle   coil
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get instance access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns the class which should be passed as the given base child .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city page .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator that catches the specified socket .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  create   add
truth:  null   null

test:  reverts a view decorator .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  view   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the unique tan .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   policy
truth:  compute   compute

test:  disable a db db for a database .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  disable   favorite
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  the main task to run a particular index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return a python object to bytes .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of all users that have been users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  make visit statement and data on remote node .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  null   annotation
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random identifier value .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject review review widget to inject coursetalk plots .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   get
truth:  set   params

test:  return a show of raw html form a form of a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run flocker-volume from the given arguments and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   read
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the storage device .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the partial sort key assignments in the given list .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a collection of collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the error handler for firebase the given content .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upload method to a method url .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  upload   version
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the pattern obtained by replacing each rule in pat .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   element

test:  display all values of the # .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  display   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  construct an object holding a time in ascii format .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  if   null

test:  handle the resource truncate cache files .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  run   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  a pending depth .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  sets   exceptions
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if there is a reciprocity for each node in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach the tags to a particular filter name .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  detect   imports
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make an object with a default set of members .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of all required migration classes .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves all active member community records .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  user view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  given a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  given   bind
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install the given cstringo with the executed arguments .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  kill all process instances in a web operation .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  simulate   render
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to change the init worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if x is literal in list for literal .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check a value for a valid variable .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  see get_jobs() .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  see   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a html maximum default values for the given value .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  help   help

test:  recursively sort keys in most cases .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  sorts   return
truth:  null   items

test:  basic authentication backend component .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the target keywords that corresponds to the specified partition .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize decorator to cause a function to use an encoded result by functions on a cache that applies it as a cache of arguments .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replace timings with sin/cos .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  use   use

test:  very simple embedding of a javascript file .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  evaluate   test
truth:  return   html

test:  given a list of the elements that potentially in the header_control feature .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  given   elements
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a file by path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  used by s3 .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a png quality representing the specified image and the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  query   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if the directory exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize and return a mock file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in "faster" mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   function
truth:  run   run

test:  find the multipart events of the training multiple events .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   register
truth:  start   a

test:  get the output of the container .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of raw sha .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  raises   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the region name for the given region code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  function   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  if external .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  returns   reload
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  get   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  builds a restricted .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  builds   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a utc date/time string to a datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  return unicode html point or 0 .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck this action allows you to capture cleanup to the build step .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return a dict describing specific group_type .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  get   group

test:  given an attribute class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  set a command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  convert a team name to a list of active values .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a string representing a human-readable file name .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  convert   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets metric by name from module in this module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   loss
truth:  change   change

test:  import po locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  import   endpoint
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  return the name of the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   a

test:  listen for valid button on the channel button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  decrement   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the 1s of the list of integers and sorts them in a given pattern .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  search   search

test:  support support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   string
truth:  check   check

test:  get the traffic and promo between campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a message to the outstanding table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  take a context .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  take   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  execute the warnquota configuration between browser and agent cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when changing the python files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  ip   interface
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable or disable jquery jquery animations on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   status
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   get
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate the diff between columns and replace tagged inputs .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  calculate   volume
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  run a declare .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  run   entities
truth:  model   model

test:  parse a python object from the json hook .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  hex   a
truth:  parse   json

test:  authenticate if the requests page is running then merging the routes key .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  create a phone index position .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   helper
truth:  to   callback

test:  checks if user id does not contain any possible characters .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  if a callable such that this only collects the prompt as an instance of statement .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  download download waffle .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   a
truth:  update   update

test:  checks for closed issues from a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that x and data_query_tz functions .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   ticket

test:  use this to override app .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  use   dataframe
truth:  null   a

test:  clone the configuration from the given source to be fired as the bond1 configuration from the execution and it can get the branches .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   scan
truth:  install   a

test:  checks if api range would work as api and returns whether the build statement .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  if   a
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the given isolating constant values into a single one of the gradient argument .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   compute
truth:  parse   parse

test:  skip entrance signal as a new entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  creates user input from data .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  return the __namespace__ formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  return   check
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for timedelta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  usage of the first kind of array x .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  plot   configure
truth:  null   basis

test:  return the sample [base] navigation [base] g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get collection query additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this reply is noted .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  given the path to a package .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  removes   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the unifrac-like metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  remove html file at content level and end of content .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  return the first element where f is a samps[ and then the first position in the first position where the first dimension events are events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  return   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the given value is of the two axes .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the distance from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of elements in an array .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  list   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that use_l10n works with python 2 .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a endpoint so we can avoid process_jon .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  convert the extension in ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a config object corresponding to a policy name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a cache file with the response .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  test that a bad kwarg fails .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   length

test:  add a request to the request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  return   try
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  return   a

test:  simple view that will tell the user has necessary to access the api .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the erroroninsteon if all available erroroninsteon access .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the version of the individual dependencies .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  add   add

test:  double : expr | expr | expr minus double expr | double expr | expr divide double expr | double expr | expr ne expr | double expr | double
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a given string into a usable content .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an object or scalar .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  if   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  return true if arg is a utf8 or unicode string .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the weights of the given item .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the indices of the gif image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  unset   wrapper
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  from a identifer .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  publish single demo collection to a yaml collection at filepath .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  formats a cookie as a cookie value representing the users home directory .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns the glanceclient .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns an upstart unit with each of its corresponding si .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  turns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only work on systems .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a boto object from an elb .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   entities
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository for the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable or disable subsection for a course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  enable   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  by the module .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  null   init
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided connection object has a specific method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   find

test:  save in the file .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  download   build
truth:  null   null

test:  repairs the full tables or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  return the name of the module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  return   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int int to a string representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  this is a wrapper around git .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  show   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return true if jsonret is json output of json serialization mapping file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  this function takes a list of schemas and gets the schemas of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  given a blob from an api check .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  given   create
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists all the creds for a vlan .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   state

test:  create a lazy list of related models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros if the c3 algorithm in attribute order to a single c3 algorithm using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merges   mros

test:  return the indented parameter in the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  apply   convert
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should use for these install and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity activity format for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a test that uses local or jobs .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detect the dict of 'browser' attributes from the provided attributes .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate contig by the shape .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  null   imports
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  sets a key/value pair in the current interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of display time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  build an api url for a google cloud client .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  returns the n-th area of a given function of a rewrite or the n-th function .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check a transfer name that will be constructed as a :class: .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns true if filename does not exist .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns session session .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  determine   null

test:  assign keys to a dict in orange .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  pushes   a
truth:  push   element

test:  write fingerprint to acoustid .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find all memory chunks that would split some of a graph in the given threshold update chunks that would otherwise be retained block device .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   find
truth:  plan   plan

test:  ensure a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given the directory where the host is located in the given sdk .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert old-style to a requestspec .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes json object as json .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  removing a query representation of a given service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns the edge edges in a graph number .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine if the request is actually available .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  returns the package path in package in package packages as a python package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate page and return weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert the data of a fractional query string to a python datetime object .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the list of visible courses in the given user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute greatest cleanup decomposition of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns a list of statements as a string .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  executes the command .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  configure the wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  install   install

test:  returns an xml attributes for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the given path .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   updates
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  initialize   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  pick eeg channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the specified status is valid .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   handle
truth:  test   existence

test:  l2 this should be a testcase .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  converts the tuples in the database as defined by short-circuiting .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the label features for a ell ell ell ell .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  returns   predict
truth:  apply   apply

test:  verify that the tpot cli example: .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  null   ^

test:  return colormap value of image tensor .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  handles next state of the node .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fail the message without quotes .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  if id is a table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit events to a yaml stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check the given path to the pip binary and has python 2 .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   version
truth:  check   check

test:  return a reference to the esxi service object .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  return   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  a decorator that creates environment and recompile environment objects .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  log a datetime object with arguments args: easy the same arguments to log in datetime returns the log of datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  log   rfc
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a link for a http search url .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  validate   a

test:  default index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  index   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install an environment variable for the current process .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default get parameter match the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks a coordinate sequence for the given function with arguments .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  error   error

test:  makes the *k* copy of taxa summaries for each taxa summaries .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  extract request values from data or fail .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other modules .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  regression load if all asserts in a test suite .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for gzip .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests for many as: objects and tag_sets implementation of shared variables implicitly is compatible with the right hand .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  tests   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   description
truth:  null   description

test:  replace text content in a ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid test .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the given path to the app to be neighbour for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests unique and directed_random functions with different length .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  generate   range
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  a fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all join classes into a string .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  otherwise unicode representation of expr in expr .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  reduce   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  test isolation and train validation matrix with sparse results for validity of sparse matrix .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given aggregate host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  create a new plugin of config from config .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  query   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the whitespace for sure it returns a list of whitespace whitespace .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  resource version method .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  signal   up
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict to a dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the given array to a file .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generic python write a data file to a length of the length .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  is   function
truth:  decode   a

test:  callable back to mark a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add tempfile to a temp script in the given script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  save   a
truth:  source   a

test:  function to construct a prefix of url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  function   a
truth:  url   url

test:  fetch a list of indices needed to return a hermitian list of images .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new instance of the api being resolved over a new instance .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a qbuttongroup from a variations chart .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes html links from jinja and applies some links .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  removes   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  add version of (1) .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   race

test:  the template context .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the ith interval of all items in non order .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  null   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  decorate default memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute adjacency targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   broadcast
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a wrapper around block .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  calculate the magnetic strength for control surface .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  return a random int .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk items are not on-disk after format conversion .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  basic a function .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape special characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  escapes   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  require a "createuser'% user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare replication properties .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts the string representation of an xml node .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  ip   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  checks if 'notes' is a missing 'notes' .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   validator

test:  handle special and standard out of the last time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  handle   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return stata .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  return   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  get current audio output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  get   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  provide data for the analytics section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  score array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   a
truth:  regularized   null

test:  convert an ascii element into a list of columns .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return a dict from a l{requestgenerationfailed} file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns the image from the image art for a given image .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  download   download
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a make a tree of the apply tree as a tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   s3
truth:  convert   a

test:  download and return github contents .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  download   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class object of obj as a class and not be treated as a string .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  recursively validate the specified config .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping list .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  returns the name of the database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  the main task of the webdriver parameter .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns factory .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  test that only uses python expression evaluation raise an exception that only one input notation .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter init for analog proto .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches the specified element matching the specified element specified in text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if all disabled services are disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  fetches   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of prepopulated_fields .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  add estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  sets   method
truth:  set   set

test:  get the credit user from the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  get   groups
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert hold code into a a a a a subject string .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dataset_id representation of a dataset .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the new d estimator .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this is a wrapper function that converts data to unpickle .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  is   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return func .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache version of netcdf .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  rewrite the given string to make sure flowgram filename is that it can be used within the provider_slug filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  rewrite   whitespace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if user is visible to view if user is visible .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  logs and return a status .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  logs   arguments
truth:  null   task

test:  wrapper around urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   function
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a posix time string to a posix object .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered loop from boundary loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  executes stdout and returns the derivatives commands as the stdout .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  command   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password change user .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  edit   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  signals to the current thread .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  intercept correlation of var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray coefs coefficients of intercept process returns fs : ndarray 1-d code of intercept .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  produce   linear

test:  create a fork and return none if master has the branch .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of token that a given token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version of the connection .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  generate a logical group id group of ascii storage response .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is set .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model metadata .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  given a dict of exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the files of the current cache directory .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  save a process in an event .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  is   null

test:  generates an curve index in a user settings .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the specified member of the specified group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  decode a single image utf8 bytes into a file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  decode   tag
truth:  reads   null

test:  list available postgresql query .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  list   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  main file .
truth: main function . 
test:  file   part
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a read string as a dictionary .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a grid angle in blending format .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  null   projection

test:  build data from a d-bus dictionary .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the type of the elements of an item from the given type .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  publish a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o for programmatic use .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the default time in the timezone .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  list nexusvm from a task name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a full projects for a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the 'data' line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup logging .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   waits
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and portion .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  reboots calls from one file-like and notify the pending id .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  put   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  get a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  there is a b-spline b-spline for a series of players from regression .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical send the block .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a factory for transport to verify a host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the generalized nan? of d1 .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on the provided sync .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   sync
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a key name and target values .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore the context .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  process   return
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild the windows form of the kb form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  to   try

test:  list all translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a organization in the organization .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find users file and add .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   user

test:  gets public ip blocks of the api .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is next .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the csrf thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  gets the unique variable for an \\temp'return variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  extracts   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the sha1 and hash of a tree and hash .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to turn a srs object into a dictionary .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header h: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  window[ a basic window parameters .
truth: return a window . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return array and y in mkdir format .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  return   split
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to run a function as being executed .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the aggregated info of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves linear differential equation equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   bernoulli
truth:  null   equations

test:  print a small html help error message .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  perform a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a spm description of a storage plugin name .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to a string .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region code that is regions from a specific country code or a specific country code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  to choose the current working directory and time .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   compute
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  convert an quoted string to a quoted tensor .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make a traffic summary of the number for the specified top url .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  fixture that keeps items from a function or empty string .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns an instance of atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  notify   atom
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve first query by resource name .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check a csv value for a single value of choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  store one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  store   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a linear ranking function that can advance a linear b with a efficiently .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restart all existing routing product of instances .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  invalidate   check
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary output .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the control node for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return true if received request cookie is cors or is not found .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the user or object .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email addresses into a single user and group .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  returns the current utc time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return exercises of completed exercises on the user and the flat list of completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see #1576 .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  see   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of guest methods that are assigned to the given whitelist .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removed removed from sequence *x* and convert it to real .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  pull   convert
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of libxml2 .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the calculate stats for a 3d operation .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   parse
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns false if api is not available .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return a singular link for xs .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return a list of all the specified configuration data .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  list   options
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey font file by extracting profile instance .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  get path to grains .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  is this string an artist or rather than name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  input   input

test:  init enforcer policy .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  builds the virtual type even if the type cant be changed .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper method to get the interfaces of a list of namedtuples for the provided one .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  ensure the user has the provided permission to the provided permission .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  allows   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  formats a power limit according to the given frac power limit .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   inverse
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the database delete for the flat alias .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set current fullscreen b .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the ui configuration from the rewritegluon ui .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  boto_kinesis strings to movie folder this directory args: byte filename object .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  collect   filename
truth:  writes   a

test:  compute the pdf of an axix normal distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  dest the sentence .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  verifies   multiply
truth:  divide   one

test:  drop the network and drop for db .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  input   entry
truth:  return   return

test:  leaf = nelements .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  partitions   partitions
truth:  null   a

test:  delete a file as directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  matrix of a scalar quadratic quadratic matrix .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  scale   variance
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field of c{d} .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   encode
truth:  checked   create

test:  return the string representation of the string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  null   join
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts the given object to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  encodes   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  make a string old word from a list of possible string .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   create
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  returns a list of dhcp options .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  text   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  back the salt fileserver environment variables .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reload a node and create git package fileobject packages .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   link
truth:  require   null

test:  decorates a function and returns the result as a paste since it is not none .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  decorates   func
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path as a path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  modify an gce policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  modify   parameters
truth:  update   update

test:  reads all of the contents of this python app .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  reads   connect
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn 'a'] .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  set one or more ip address from process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  issue a connection to a given list of available urls .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  issue   api
truth:  returns   a

test:  function that creates an gpg user from the build keychain keys for testing the gpg key .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  determines the number of leading leading space stripped .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a list of tuples or a tuple of the arguments .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   sign
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  for delegated command line .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  test deep .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   method
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a class or class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of fully qualified schema file containing the network current working grid .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  list   custom
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used and %s the shutdown of the given request .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print the spatialreference if an error code was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  return the push status .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean filter whether a forum exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return systemd file for distribution information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  return   facet
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  give the file location and delete the specified backup directory .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  file   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  the sequence containing one element in the sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that hugs exception type wrapper should correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  search for script .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  context   script
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url is a url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a -flow graph using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the headers .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all certificates for a service .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a server from normal ip address .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return valuation rate .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  return   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse a c line of the rest command and return a dict .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the avatar avatar for the given user into a html .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  renders   user
truth:  render   render

test:  a generic view for linux .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   try
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reader object from a module .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  get   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return arp_cache information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  create a pprint connection to the given log file .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  create   html
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  return true if pid is currently running under the process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the binary vector of the current list .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to the parent element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   resize
truth:  add   vertex

test:  slices the lasso positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  define   attribute
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes the root absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log into loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  log   use
truth:  set   a

test:  set raw console settings .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  does the given value readily a phone numeric output .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  does   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by the jenkins geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  format a phone token using the specified range .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   length

test:  check if the specified config are deleted on the specified config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  handle   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the available hydrological weather sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the module path for the given python target .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build a document to store its json output .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  build   a
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves c2 order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  yield successive entities in the sequence .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  yield   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  stores   release
truth:  put   put

test:  import the given node and return the target class .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  to   translate
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check whether the current tunnel is local or not .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set specified ips for invalid repos .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  files   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick by a query .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the given groups public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate required version version version against an absolute api .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  checks   version
truth:  git   git

test:  make sure the activation drawing is done .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns an instance of grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that an selinux string is a valid python id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take datetime object of the nearest datetime | datetime | datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  given a function that performs a sequence of variables .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a due tile signal .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  grant   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a signature of data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  instantiate   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return all requirement ngrams generated by the api method .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random paragraph of currently connected .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the object has an permissions on a given path .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  method to decide which kwarg access to self .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the common item in the list item .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   a

test:  interpolate -> int .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all topics on the list of topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  make   cloud
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem expr | expr gt expr | expr divide idlist .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  view   release
truth:  null   health

test:  generate completion volume files in the original dataset of private files for writing server files .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator for handling the decorated function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql and format of apps .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the file is if data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the file name for the directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   a

test:  return user name and end of an integer value .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset representation of the user is products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  sets the function to be accessed as being accessed from a method .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  sets   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  get a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method will remove the actual coupon cart in the user who used from the context .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   cart
truth:  null   method

test:  convert mail .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  convert   i
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function to output how to function via this layer includes the build layer caches .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the utility function for testing purposes .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   key

test:  check if the datasink data string .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  pull   error
truth:  check   check

test:  test am[ routine .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   check
truth:  producing   checks

test:  calculates an appropriate error message of the specified interfaces and let idea .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   run
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to check if a task has at least one task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  dictionary of fastcgi .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  null   rpm
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  sortable expression for the interpolating .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts the given string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a database connection .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  display   return
truth:  create   a

test:  make the api frames to the provided data structure .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  make   exception
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the shape of the shape and insert_many() .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops through the loops and add the text to the asides of the given loop .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and prevent .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry from the provided worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only return if requests and boto are installed .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints a string to the color database .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  prints   color
truth:  print   a

test:  make a virtualenv .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  make   create
truth:  build   a

test:  check to see if the
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as a scenario line and yet .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path into a list of root args: path : the path to the root directory of the filesystem components of the filesystem components or assigned to the root
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  this will convert an temporary timestamp into a string .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  log error handler .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  migrate   elements
truth:  make   strings

test:  request the user is running from the current sites .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   collections
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a function and return the result as a list of tuples .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  detect user name or home assistant the home method .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests that the in-db unit table are marked as on-disk .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  constructs   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  get from local config file or path .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main method of the application .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  build a dictionary from parameters .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  build   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  test that local alias with local .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  make   sort
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the standard wwn *obj* .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  check if a theme has write access permissions to the given header header .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  check   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : simple_stmt | newline | code | newline | testlist .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  expr   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action button to the senders channel .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg in which egg has the specified files .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the input fields for the src .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary string of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return the price representation of the given number of features .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  return   return
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  convert an input file of dequeue to a sequenceexample output .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  rms   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  convert a python date string to a timezone date object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure hponcfg tool is accessible by course_key when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  a function that returns a list of the consisten info .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  read an array of axes from a and skip it .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  read   checks
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements with elements inside the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   node
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel measure on x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  lazy initializer from the auto-detect init object .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute the kkt on pml *x* .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true iff the bokeh settings in the begins .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  port of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute m diff mri .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh rayleigh activation function from the values in a gaussian case .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown fields to markdown fields in markdown format .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  put one value to the current active static file .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  put   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns if an orf instance is increasing for symbol specified .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  run the specified period of the api .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  run   program
truth:  block   block

test:  generate a list of chr[ values of aggregate-tests by aggregate-tests .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  build   api
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression test for bug ensures that distance works .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to easily osr and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  register   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this will replace a new get_html fragment with a page that will correctly handles the corresponding unicode string of the form ago page .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the available controller sensors .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check if an email address is a small date .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the column names for a given api curve .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  parse out any given username from a group .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get python version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review a screenshot as q at a particular draft .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  displays   a

test:  return time the given number of seconds .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return true if the memcache to the memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   get
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if user user uid is uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   user

test:  get a suitable context from a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does a given xkcd notifications using a release or xkcd format is being deployed .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   function
truth:  takes   null

test:  read and return the contents of a python file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   data

test:  turn a string to detect which looks like a single string .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  get a long by stack filename .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return a tuple .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  hide specific cli example: .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   method
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a directory this is leaf inside the given directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   worker

test:  ensure the arguments are defined by the arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate a friendly prob-grade_distrib .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   up
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  convert an object from a course into a course id .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for the top level errors .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library instance from the 127 context .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   html
truth:  code   code

test:  retrieve an object for the device-relative python version of the file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  retrieve   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  get disk partitions by the device path .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  array   array

test:  generate a setup policy so that these image is a given policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  attach   size
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the length of a sequence of files .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the absolute path in a module path .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  build a campaign feed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  header   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculate multivariate data for the given elliptic f(x) t computation .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  converts all the filenames of an ttfdict to a list of deprecated filenames .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  get the full path for compiled modules .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the container w is defined in the change .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restarts   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  a scan-build helper function to generate an expression for multiblock .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a single package with pkg_delete multiple package options: name the name of the package to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  wrapper around include .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test for an urls that looks like a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  add itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  if the cli interfaces on the requesters tokens .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  null   get
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  wrap two or string value .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim one element in a lens .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  buckets   module
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the arguments that doesnt support parameters for all of the same arguments as the current function call to perform problems or from all arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  creates   null

test:  create the atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   get
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   crud
truth:  enables   learning

test:  plots[ how many saving should only have a fnupickle one of multiple minima parameters supplied : int number of variables or dimension .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only scenarios with scenario names .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  read a bytes of the virtual data info file .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a random product of items when a distribution is passed as a random number .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  change   list
truth:  create   a

test:  delete the given instance .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  connect to a socket using host and return it .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   try

test:  run a vm on a particular vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  run   check
truth:  set   set

test:  update the action to an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   call
truth:  update   update

test:  parse the given response as json .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   a

test:  replace the replace characters in a given asset environment variables .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  render the usage of the application .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  display   null
truth:  print   a

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to read the output output and cache its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a valid config from a configuration received and the config object .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display the image .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  display   information
truth:  print   print

test:  set the time zone name for the domain .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  set   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  tries to find the name of the given filesystem name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if the stream is basic .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  get default form for a specific document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  makes a certificate request and verify an encoded key .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  targets calling a command command .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a tools tools of the native macro from the given path .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the top level of the current thread .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header to fake bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  transform a string to a file .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the minimum reactor of a given string in the list of signatures .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dict representation of the provided resource .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   model
truth:  given   a

test:  make a file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  simple moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  add a count to a bootstrap thread .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  add   attribute
truth:  adding   handle

test:  wrapper for conditional_websafe .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns lines of lines in the trailing whitespace or text .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open the default or changing pathname of a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  convert text to unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  text   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns the eccentricity of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud info for the corresponding api entry .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the minidom string for the given connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  return system command to be used cpus on the machine .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this decorator wraps provides the function inside of a class upon instance .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  view   add
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create an image object .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_one_param
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language based on request data .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return the id of the meas .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove all characters found in a string with a given value .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a hsp property function with a cascading attr .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts lists of <remote>/ header names to size .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  looks   headers
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns the contents of the file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a configuration key for the given secret .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the empty string if queues are an empty that contains a repository .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find html html in a sequence of html tags .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  find   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier init_declarator_list semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 representation of unicode string or unicode this one of a utf-8 string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  utf-8   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get an invalid version of the registry .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  get   get

test:  get block devices to block in a block .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a datetime object for human friendly representation .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  handle signals .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  handle   testing
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   service

test:  skip based on locale code .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  load   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  gets a list of all states that are random .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  a decorator constructor to get a method and return a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generate 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  read   read

test:  remove a text to be registered in the db .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the html handler for zookeeper a jinja2 content from a particular resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  null   render
truth:  render   render

test:  in python errors .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  decides whether a given image matches the same padding .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  a context manager that acquires a python implementation .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that returns whether the user has the decorated view or not .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  view   check
truth:  call   call

test:  run a shell command .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  only load this module if sampled and boto are installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   change
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  creates a directory that standard applications directory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   github
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return the list of power files for a given pattern .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  collect   list
truth:  get   get

test:  generate an action for testing .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a numeric scalar or a scalar object into sympy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check for "\nnpmpackagesdonotappeartobeinstalled if zmq exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when the colormap is given .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  launches all interfaces of the whitelist .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  if   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  perform a particular json method .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given a course structure .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  turn a role name into an absolute role object with units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  turn   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the color with a time series at a given index .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  processes   order
truth:  splits   a

test:  transforms a ]matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear transformation of x by shape when one or x is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme or x by y returns: x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  return the end browser from the given url .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  list   a
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return current default library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   json
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  perform qlist polynomial covariance matrix .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  filter   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  test the coroutine thats the default timeout .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  generate tuples .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses an parts of parts and return it .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime object .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a sink .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  floating   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test if path is a python directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  test a list of text and an instance of text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   human
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clears   config
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the name to use for a request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the key most recent values .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  check if the last line ending of a single line marker being registered .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate internal length of externally string :return: only .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   randomly
truth:  generates   a

test:  test that the attribute of some fixed dependencies are present in .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  pass   pass

test:  instantiate the exception in the current thread .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  instantiate   retry
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper to patch pooling for the boilerplate optimization .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if an object is a sequence of objects .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   tests

test:  if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if if
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  null   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup fritz!box control panel configurator .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to check if provider is a :class: instance .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  convert two strings .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to another location .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  reads all of the contents of a file .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  reads   find
truth:  find   find

test:  drop event epochs to the specified epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  equalize   null

test:  given an url .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  given   names
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence keys corresponding to the diskfile .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find all file and return a dict with basic files .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a native array to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if required libs is available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  add csrf off the csrf csrf token to the given csrf method .
truth: given a request . 
test:  add   header
truth:  given   a

test:  update websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the first item used by the given list of their items .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return the course descriptor named enrollment for the given course .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  format the number to a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   count
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the sonarr player demo sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test decorator .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a data structure .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  set up default configuration .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  log   log

test:  launch discrete things .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  authenticate   compute
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return image properties of the hostname that are represented by the other image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   optional

test:  the renderer report for the specified renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element of a elements satisfies true value .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if we are installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  using   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find a sysctl parameter string .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  request top-level top-level entries for the given clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already in facts .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   time
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  removes   url
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  return the quoted .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  return   html
truth:  replace   replace

test:  replace the closest remaining paths from closest remaining paths .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  moves   add
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a suitable for methods which stores the issubclass issubclass in an instance of the order of a class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  object   a
truth:  null   version

test:  escape all issues at issue characters .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  extract   references

test:  returns a dict with the given exploration and version of the yaml .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to a given number or > or > / > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  find   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive tsocket packet --> none --> each time srloop with layer 2 and print them calling float .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  access   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine method .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  is   null

test:  perform train model that update a tensor and wait until it sends an application tensor .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  perform   project
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a list of nodes .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return output with human-readable code .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  function   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a sparse libraries is joined .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  return the last previous date of the latest date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a break directory from '--all' .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  define   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dictionary of dicts where the prefix is a set of keys and additional values are not a push diff dictionary with prefix .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   prefix
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is being used as a statement and the used in function parent addition .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an object from s3 and invoke it to s3 location .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  formats a .
truth: utility function . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  function   function

test:  to display statements in a mailcap .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the global xor of the given milliseconds object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  select a function exactly as a numpy expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  simplify   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  upcast arguments and upcast one of more dictionaries .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  directly return the cloud storage api .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  instantiate the test unless the given function is run .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a 404 method where this method is a 404 method .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo of uploaded settings .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  normalize token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  using   a
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  use this to return the time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  sample   manager
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse of erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that vlog() returns the right number will occur when the session is missing .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string from binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   str
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return a single file from the salt master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  to   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check and return value of environment variables .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create and return a new private key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role using linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  read a configuration file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a single forced of production characters in the given string .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decode a single byte string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   landmarks
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a tuple if necessary and 1 are negative and json is found .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate public keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the task details as a background task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  generator that returns a generator from the given request .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   n

test:  the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a variable is choices .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   action

test:  returns the number of scalars that has at trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  count   count

test:  checks if an object is actually a category object .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  null   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test the built-in exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return tuple as a list .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return coupon cart associated with the coupon cart column that is either a coupon or none .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a minimally-quoted string produced by serious .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  given   add
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  some tests should be able to have the same tuple .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   image
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns the user anonymous users .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  count number of occurrences in an skeinisoed .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  count   calculate
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the most common job names and return a dict .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a type out of the given type types .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the version of locate between 0 and sub .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  executes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython help files .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   inspect
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  returns   stubs
truth:  return   a

test:  looks up requirements for console output to use in fields .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  looks   encodes
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return md5 hash of a given filename .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test if a column is the specified type .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a file from the given graph as a path .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  read   null
truth:  move   move

test:  recursively rename file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  move   a

test:  transform the text to the c{django_objects} format .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  transform   shorthand
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the user type of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  vqsturng * the shape of the shape .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the xml generated from the database .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  xml   returns
truth:  load   load

test:  returns required header weve in primer .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  mapping   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  null   label
truth:  file   file

test:  print a histogram .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   test
truth:  plots   plots

test:  callback for writing .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  null   dumps
truth:  dump   null

test:  list all users users from a user .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  list   a
truth:  find   a

test:  add -> int(math .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  filtering   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  translates a string of binary strings into native __context__ .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  translates   function
truth:  return   return

test:  register probes probes this function is only used when the process is passed .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address as a random integer .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  loads all plugins from directory .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get info about the httplib .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  render   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert *t* for plst depth .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  convert   seed
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random random seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively check the lowest time as a module .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the same dist_matrix_header: call against the configuration .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  context manager for using the random command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  null   one
truth:  context   context

test:  return an appropriate id of the given target object .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  return the context of a vmdk image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   size

test:  replaces the version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  null   return
truth:  undoes   null

test:  an array of row .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a video file path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  read   file
truth:  scan   scan

test:  randomly choose a random variables in the given list_option .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and deployment cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the units "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the 4096 copy of resource in case as specified by image_property_create .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  to   return
truth:  close   close

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog from the main loop .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   run
truth:  display   display

test:  write a file into two <slack+plugin> components .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  file   a
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads a given directory to a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   verifies
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns user information to the user as an email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  return   groups
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable or disable ipython cache .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check that a string looks like it may be a windows tool .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   load
truth:  check   check

test:  return maximal square matrix of most most iterations at shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively remove all us files from the current stack .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  verifies overriding overriding of a dummy version is required .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the argument dict .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a python wrapper with a subprocess .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper method to serialize a simple instance from json .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically download setuptools and make it available via sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for original equate .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes integration integration for a given method in a given method in a given method .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the png hosts file .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a size of the object size for a given file-like object .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  formats   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the median of values in a list of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a complete list of all tests that do not be used for the tests in geoip .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the concludes calls as a matrix .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to an integer .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  sort   sort

test:  calculate the numeric metric for a given metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  calculate   generic
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns the average clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence of manually .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  decodes a request .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  using   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github user by name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test inverse of involving working .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a node for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file thru the given filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns data from yaml line or the received problem as a string .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  to   print
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   path
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar expr | ruleitem expression_opt | program | ruleitem times program | expr divide program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key from the header list .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of the file currently read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  output a list of output in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  output   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  returns the first root of f in a vector .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  returns   vector
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get the hours with name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  delete   check
truth:  stream   stream

test:  used to convert inputs to input node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  polygon   return
truth:  add   add

test:  add application id to an application partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  add   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  for a given user .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  null   files
truth:  queries   queries

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded correctly for post a dummy model on a dummy dataset-- system .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  file   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  otu otu set of output fields in this file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test runner test cases for the standard test suite .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  create   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the authentication password .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the subset of the list names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if keywords is a decimal node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  perform the directory for this module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the hash matching unix opening/closing pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   test
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the list of terms of p .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  iterate through conf and hmac2 .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  parse   keys
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that insignificant works as expected results .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   values

test:  the api entry point for the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  null   media
truth:  executes   a

test:  check if the tpot is found in a class .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  if   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the child threads for the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   return
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  factory the linter api .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  load issues in a particular page from a given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  selects   hits
truth:  github   github

test:  allow a function to be logged in the recursive function .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  allow   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  deprecated utility to convert context for post form to the src .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  is   t

test:  construct a proper aff4 database type for the email .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dict with required ids that are required in repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove classes that are not dominated by the given sequence .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  run all runtime information in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  run   plot
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  uses bufferexcept if a file-like stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  write   null

test:  check if proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export method to a raw file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds a new special arithmetic method to the given start-up .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a data structure to the correct type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  return true if the range of code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case by code1 .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  case-insensitive -> packed encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   null

test:  utility to start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  test set of two texts and text2 should work with a random expression .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  report daily report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  report   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  generate full dictionary for all process listed in the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  build   build

test:  test the submits api_key based header based auth to ensure it works as expected from the backend based auth as expected .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  given a string .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  host   host

test:  run the shell arguments in a separate command line .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the allocations representation of the resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  applies the given image and respond with the same image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  applies   find
truth:  update   update

test:  return the first locales in the given locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  find   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  usage: given route from vrf and sets the source as network and subnet the source as network by given prefix .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   helper
truth:  null   version

test:  open a binary file using a read only the same encoding as the configured encoding .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  convert a key string to related functionality .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  convert   endpoint
truth:  make   null

test:  check if point is a valid curve of curve and the curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  returns a tuple that can be used to compute the given object-get .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  perform the neighbor of the kdt + b^2 + l2 .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  perform   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  return   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  attempt to download the url of url to download hidden .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  print the accesserror accesserror prompt for an interval of a list of available hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  print   exception
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail key to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple wrapper around the tukey tukey .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert ordercreator resource to the current machine .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path of the git version .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get all registered cluster instances .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator for unpickling unpickling .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add total loss for cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  get the contents of the dataset from the given encoding and return a formatted pattern .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a field on a block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  force   union
truth:  collects   a

test:  test wheel wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a link to the entire url if the resource exists .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  load   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  safe loading model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  loading   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master to merge master facts .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   server
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random text crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  simplifies through many enrollment and unenroll status if it is provided .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  works like all active applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  filter out the common successful attributes .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if the graph is set .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  configures the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  installs   updates
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  add apps apps .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  batch   real
truth:  indices   indices

test:  import a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if arg is a string .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  opens a rational hash for an divisor model .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  running   dataframe
truth:  given   null

test:  create a list of gradient colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   create
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit commit logs .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  getting   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return the output of the / compile cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  return   svn
truth:  calls   calls

test:  reverse the sentence and json values .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  reverse   items
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  indefinite indefinite sequence .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the connection id from the commandline database .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  return the current path .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  compile   directory
truth:  make   null

test:  given a thread name or error if it fails .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  mark   function
truth:  null   infinite

test:  returns the home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   location

test:  return true if the object is a module or 'objectmustbeaclassorfunction' < one .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make extension .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   version
truth:  make   a

test:  test service_schema validation .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of the array k .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  return   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that a sitemap can be coerced to a fixed queue .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  get a rsync network output of deleted .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  the time in integer since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  display a expected by name .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  command   find
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a given integer to mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is called to load functions in coverage .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  is   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  return the string or none .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  get custom template searching listname and return a list of elsewhere attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  theano the gradient of the hamiltonian that model .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  generate   dataset
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url to the appropriate rss tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   test
truth:  posts   posts

test:  convenience function for set x .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  function   set
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to encoding .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   part

test:  get the filepath for this directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   power

test:  parse and convert histogram grades and received grades instance .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return "dir" and translated units from bti .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the elemwise_kl() vms information for a list of version .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager for locking the interpreter in a standard process .
truth: override sys . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  override   sys

test:  return the config options for a package .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return closed frequency index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a equality between two tensors .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a string describing the given diff keys .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   stubs
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  return the undeferred xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  ensure   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username associated with the given username .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sample node corresponding to a sample node .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the first system system system system system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   replaces
truth:  encode   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a given suggestionmodel and returns a record .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given powers is configured .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  setup a middleware; graph in rfc loop and return a tuple of the supplied server .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   comparison
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a bases implementation of api redis by redis instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the given path to the app to be read for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare cache files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check to see if the decreasing exists in request_type .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  add   check
truth:  alter   a

test:  default structure to be backref as the current process this type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  handle   copy
truth:  raises   null

test:  main entry point for gitweb session .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  config   null
truth:  command   command

test:  make the directory path .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a discovery client from a path using discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check that ax=b of maximizing are present this function is only used too vista config file or -ar_{-1}(l) scripts should work .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set the vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  evaluate   vector3
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the versions of the windows version we know the windows version string .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   version
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random url-safe string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only work on debian and other linux systems with solaris .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is the function to make it easier .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the specific model instance .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  get footnote .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  look up an auto_close_date file for out of scores .
truth: given a field . 
test:  does   get
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new structured tag .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  short color function .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return current request object .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  open a file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   a
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for concrete role argument access to the top of a class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turn a context object into a context .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of characters from a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function with dry_run .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  used   function

test:  given a namedtuple of six or stream .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return the value of the given name .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the phone service notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check that table is a comma-separated string as an t3 table .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a locale object for a given locale and of the given name .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert :mod:datetime to an :mod:datetime date format .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate generated by name .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  generate   settings
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  returns the number of original date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  tries to download an html5 setuptools .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  null   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a class that parses last html page into the console database system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  query   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the match to which lookup the specified function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test some advanced notation in matches matches against pattern .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  serialize datetime object for a <script> of the response .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  null   value
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  performs a message msg .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the given word line with a single method .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the partitions of brightness and dependents from the given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   number

test:  deleting source .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  warnings   file
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert paths to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  since the token defined in a class upon the name of a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version of this package names .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of all units in the given unit data structure .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  display start'] events for start'] events .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  require   pick
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  send scan counts to 'attachments' the contents of a root_path file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve cutoff string .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  retrieve   product
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return the path of all nodes in source sorted by recursively .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of available rows .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a message helper method to generate a capital table .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns true if the data hash is a tuple of the given hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  this method returns the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   checks
truth:  removes   a

test:  a basic template tag that doesnt use the post template .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a recipient log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   dictionary
truth:  scan   a

test:  given a route table or name and a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters in text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   find
truth:  text   text

test:  some models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  null   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return true if the specified package is fix from sys .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  package   fix
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a valid key? .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  checks if an object is an ax host .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the 'media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that matches the template context .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  return only the angle of a ii variable .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  casts   training
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string like 08:00:00 or violin tests .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a 16-bit integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a entailment object for a given actions .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  supress supress .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  empty   remove
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() methods of an unknown helper methods to escaped unknown .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return dictionary for a key in the accountpolicy accountpolicy .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   create
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return the ip address of the current request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   null

test:  test if a document has write access to the end of a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  if   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator factory for u indexing .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the models for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a list of features to see if an image has the type of features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  request   request

test:  handle epochs once .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes from the dictionary whose keys are mapped to the key .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check for tokenization syntax into a list of line numbers .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   strips
truth:  return   line

test:  change the indentation of an saved indentation to error in group .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in absolute format into degrees of seconds .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validate a callable validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller for budget_staff @status: experimental .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  retrieve the service at url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command with arguments as a subshell .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  given a python spyder name return builtin code .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset from asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of all required groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the current user has passed in .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  null   in
truth:  publish   a

test:  get value for use in the evaluators .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostats platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  find nodes with primary elements in primary and errors .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   child
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the flush api .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  walk through zip files .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping of the contents of their underlying helper .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a color palette that may be converted to n definition parameters name : int implied : int or file-like object the returned volume or updating colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module modules from the given list of all available network modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the specified containers that belong to the containers state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  refresh   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  inverse of matrices .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   action
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute for an object from a remote object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the header of ipython or display image .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   verifies
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercises since the content is marked as a dictionary .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   a

test:  copy src to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given an image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline documents in mb .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered date .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a distances of the specified results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of exploration ids of the user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to find all plugins listed in our python .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in current filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse diophantine equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create imports instance not be unused to use with the use of pyname .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  create   parse
truth:  null   factory

test:  return true if s is a generator .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns the qurl of the first kind of a square matrix .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  request   dataframe
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start service via monit cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a convenience decorator for compatibility with the same length as cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a message response .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  view   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format an informative file .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create an empty media player object .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes the vector of the vector field of the given svd .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  count   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a callback to be upnp against an upnp device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker installer for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this implementation encodes an euler polynomial of deeper mod mod .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from the container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  for what the required length of the string is being downloaded .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a json representation of html string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of all repositories from the user .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   a
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as belonging to a student for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple with the requests .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  copy to from' .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  to   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  limit number of calls to returned closure second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  apply   method
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert pil to a pil pmf .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  convert   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  converts a string of container name to a container object .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns an appropriate command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  to   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  helper function for polishing how to the element(s) function of the square square matrix .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  function   api
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  show the databases databases for all databases .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses an expression or file-like object from an cache depending upon it .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  is   pkg

test:  test that the system can be installed .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to extract an exception from requests .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  coil the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  display   mill
truth:  limit   a

test:  return a dictionary with an iterator over the values of an iterator .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  list   stubs
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  transform entry to a simple node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  build   page

test:  print out the data passed into the function name .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  print   null
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  return the nova name given the given function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  print   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install output of pip .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   test
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stop or update a feedreader job id .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  start the notify mochadservice extension .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  assert that either a string or a list of strings and returns the corresponding element in rfc 2822 .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  assert   split
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command execution for arguments and returns the output of arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a transport by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return the number of valid intersection lsb lsb lsb lsb lsb lsb lsb .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  given object if synthetic methods are no synthetic arrays .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns current locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  a fixture providing a standarddir level arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a struct description string for printing the given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to get a ccx of a temporary course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test if 4323 performs a simple gaussian distribution .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a new attribute and .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  add   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string escaped for re .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  store all the sequences .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  store   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a comma literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   newline

test:  returns true if the rule is a rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  returns   rules
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that requires translation language end .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show a filename .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   name
truth:  null   statement

test:  get current time .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  the namedtuple of steps to steps that it is modified in the namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  wrapper for retry: .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  returns the action name for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  print the current public setting of old-style superficially .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  print   support
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items or matching a path from one or more items .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  iterates over all glob patterns that have the same patterns as specified in the given glob .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  iterates   glob
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets a certificate instance for a given certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the asset asset in the given asset asset does not exist .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  establish for lockif .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  wrap   find
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns true if the given value is defined .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos that are running on .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs in graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check parsing because the completion string and returns true if the completion for full query .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure the named off of the firewall is disabled .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  remove   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  lists a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  decorator for checking if command is not a single command .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  test   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  given a bucket name and a bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  move   a

test:  given multiple slot bundles result as a sqlalchemy query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  full a list of visit predicate in the current context object connected to bokeh visit visit .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  perform anything in all combinations of xml files .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the computer quotes args: quotes the name of the filesystem cli example: .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update an taskinfo object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a implementation in the session .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  display detailed files .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  latex   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create a raw operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running under windows .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry if k is true .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  null   null
truth:  try   something

test:  run a function as a traceback function .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  null   back
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a regexp into a list of the value .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if host is sunos or false .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine a package values into a single vector .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the authentication header for the request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the priority of an html element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   course
truth:  return   return

test:  from many toolbox .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a statusbar is properly used to test the html class with ckan label .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return output of the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   traffic

test:  a string with unsigned web .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  being a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  fork   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return true if the task has custom attr for the given app .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get object based on given module name .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get all iscsi output from the ipv4 connection .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the fatemans arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  used by zero -> x remove zero .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   part

test:  escapes html characters in a value .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  transform   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt data with aes .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  import   windows
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  returns closed authorized issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  cycle through all the possible credentials and update the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to decorate an expression that contains no returned from the expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the 8 high high bytes of the counter byte first byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filters all keys in dictionary except all the keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  given   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the minion script cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   change
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of grains for the selected one .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate #ifndef json json formatted json .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  changes   lines
truth:  format   a

test:  compute svals svals transform .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can check the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return default dict as a single lemmatization .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  cross   cross

test:  load a module or a file .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an html representation .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a portage word to another word file .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   replace
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests that duplicate callable object has an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup the traditional-style .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  detach   program

test:  pushes a string of 'sending' certificates .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  source   function
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  returns a decorator that caches a upstream method docstrings for every document .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return an instance of the registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object or none if found in ref .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  function for integer this function computes the formatters of all but processs frames .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   formatter

test:  given a task info task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  move to the text of the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  to   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches a method as a method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the gui of the function to the provided rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given an object describing the type and a list of tuples .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  query   css
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  make sure the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the start and end of a module node in a models table .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses a given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: permission this plugin shows the jenkins reports on job main page .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   bzr
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  fasta fasta code to make it usable as a full unintended .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears internal api .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  string   string

test:  lazy version of nick .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  adds a intended order code to the given event code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  adds   a

test:  perform a js code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  preprocesses   a
truth:  has   js

test:  return the current engine in the databases current engine name and the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  return   version
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long integer to a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the indices of a password .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   up

test:  remove file filepaths .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of all regexp as a list of existing regexp .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   regexp

test:  returns 'browser' data from none and the audio version information .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   partitions
truth:  if   null

test:  return dictionaries mapping of locale languages to corresponding configuration languages .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a comment file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the area loops from the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  loops   show
truth:  get   intersection

test:  print out the smartly .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  command   null
truth:  running   running

test:  verify that circular not cause inheritance .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  reuse   no
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  read a single mine mine the last cross-entropy and without correct data .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  download   a
truth:  get   data

test:  return an empty affine array of affine .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command and wait until it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the expression in the expression tree .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  add pkcs#1 types to sys .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  add   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  check for a vpc tables with some user properties .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  step slicestruct .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  step   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log log traceback .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   use
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a dragonfly tag with the provided name and tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if the user is access to a group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the functions .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  given a directory and list of filenames .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the torrent for this user .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  returns   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  attempts to get the naive certificate of a given certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if this user has been marked as defined by the creator status code .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  inverse of the numba function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   spatial
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string from an xml tree of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all vms on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can convert a bucket in common version .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  test   a
truth:  to   null

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string representation into their characters .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one or more password from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  query query fields in the not%s .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  split sequence of hosts contained in each host or hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a cached model for a doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  returns   doctype
truth:  get   frappe

test:  load an object and allocate a file if it fails .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  diff   filters
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the argument name list of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for gamma distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension b : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  lowercase the given string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  lowercase   converts
truth:  yield   null

test:  this generator returns the first frames of a list of nodes .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to a binary image .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the process with the given pid using the selected pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  the user can generate an ssh member .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the 'stroke-width' logarithm of the reduced elements .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of sql objects for the specified model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  get   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns edxnotes for authorization to transfer api .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that 42 is valid .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return the argument for ctypes ints .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test performance of degree .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   samples
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager to catch errors in the given type .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a directory .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   create
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the node is a patched connections or generator .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cumulative density function as a gaussian distribution .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the output of two randomly generated .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  return   check
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return rules that are s3optionsfilter of the given matches .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  rules   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the default commands for a given user .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send a template for a recipient limit .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  null   render
truth:  send   multipart

test:  creates a version string for the given ip in a human readable int .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mark the user as a layout html endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  sets the logger for the logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  use   process
truth:  installs   null

test:  get an absolute path for relative to $bindir .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models from all registered metadata .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to an includes['urls']params or a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  update the config directory params from the original object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  update   override
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default codec name corresponding to the given encoding or none if the name is not found ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write sequence as a sequence of packed .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  find doing double url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  quotes   remove
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if the user is before we support this request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  default   check
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs out locale .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  fail non-nan floats and b .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  to   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  get an invalid path of a directory .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  if   check

test:  convert rate from rate of votes_by_user .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   convert
truth:  return   difference

test:  return a list of roles owned by a project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  return   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the discrete cosine of a vector .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   frills
truth:  null   null

test:  transform list of individual image names to interface .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  handle   image
truth:  process   process

test:  returns knows course scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a provided server is valid to a app .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  processing   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns latex representation of yaml config .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  set   text
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  dump out replication fields this name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only run on linux systems .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  work   work
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  same as register_admin_extension but taking a 2d view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish page .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   users
truth:  published   create

test:  delete an windows grafana .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a defined command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  takes controller content and validates the given string .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object for a series of objects that match the given module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   seconds
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  perform a list of permissions in the provided role .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return number of releases for episode in a slice .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from znc --version .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   shows
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to summary method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  see the subplot figure .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  half an image by a structuring image with a given maximum of a 64-bit format .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  null   null

test:  show existing fastq output from existing fasta output per fasta filepath .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  applies   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe user cant unsubscribe .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  null   change
truth:  update   user

test:  extract the smallest element in the list of nodes .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  format   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the only one weight of the two slices are found from the chain of the graph .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns featured execute .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  extract json object and return parsed locales object .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true if the selected options are selected at least selected options .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  make all default root_path objects and the default python module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  make   null
truth:  import   a

test:  start the bit of the ljust .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  start   start
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  stop   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the row options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  search   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test that template objects are created correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  set the cached content in the provided content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  update   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is required in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a series of common cgroups of data on both real and 1 .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   a
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the coherence between *x* and the coherence periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   scale
truth:  compute   compute

test:  processs a single job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for this shuup from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns an npz file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  call obj .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next mean in the hour lists .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  format   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a signed byte 4-byte unsigned integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   variables
truth:  read   a

test:  a usually will create a list of dict-like documents and create a url .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return without blocking the msgpack text .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  null   frame

test:  list list of handlers from production pages .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  list   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish the liveaction from the action .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  to   null
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as masquerading as belonging to a prespecified role .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the response as a html response name .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a valid html template page .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  view   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode modified string that is all multi-dimensional utf-7 encoding to assign a folder .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  join   helper
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all columns that are available .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  assign a u'topic mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  set   set

test:  checks that all images are additional .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a media descriptor .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   null
truth:  help   help

test:  return a debconf image file on the server .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see drop table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a template string that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  checks if a class is a dbfield class .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  if   inspect
truth:  try   fn

test:  restful password process .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return multiplication map from simple elements of recurrence by ip point number .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add -> .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  add   add

test:  enable or disable the telnet tab .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  enables   readline

test:  change the primary fixed module and replace change list .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts a line from the chunks string and extracts the size of bytes from a cluster line or translate it has to the number of bytes .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that we can fit a devicerecord .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   estimator
truth:  if   check

test:  the log of a probable distribution .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to html characters .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set_type : field_type > > .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return url .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if checksum of a hash .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  save an event model by id .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  save   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   null
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  null   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull the gitlab-merge-request path_str name from param_dict .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  code   code

test:  check for a password matches any of its hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  search   check
truth:  check   a

test:  the cli value is an option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   value
truth:  was   option

test:  find a message to pass it to a queryset .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  sending   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns an oldest date string for the given date .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a response session from the current tool or http user .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  add   parse
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a random image representing a random root .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a larger string to an integer .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  convert   pagination
truth:  given   a

test:  a generator for the callbacks .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  set the maxfiles api .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  set   current
truth:  null   number

test:  activity hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   courses
truth:  null   activity

test:  create a template with a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  create   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns the version as a string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  code this will return an 0/0 index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  code   return
truth:  create   create

test:  add command line for the children of the path .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  command   setup
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random directory for storing the end of a font directory .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   entries
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator used to declare that if the class is cleaned up to a method with the same fresh to be rewritten .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  take index from document and an iterable .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  index   updates
truth:  to   helper

test:  return rgb color by rgb color .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert a string source to a list of clauses in g .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number of seconds in a epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : for lparen expression rparen blank expression rparen .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  for = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set of bytes .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   convert
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts any true/false string to a bool empty strings .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  same as a return b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  provide url to the api resource on the api length .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  construct   add
truth:  function   function

test:  read valid fiff in hdf5 file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   check
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batch with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in new_x and y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the output directory .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  returns a safe list to the argument .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a value from the proxied configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  track of locations for volume types .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  edit   project
truth:  project   users

test:  send changed event for a user event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  simple task name from field .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  remove sub-sampled template variables .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the base time left by the desired entry .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  to   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create an master master configuration file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  make   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs n_steps - matrix multiplication .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  call   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test for translation .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  like   like

test:  check the service with the given name .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify if a given method is a dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  function   method
truth:  pads   null

test:  send email messages for the scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  describe   create
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a full path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  return   function
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the matrix - queryresult statistics .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return true if text is a most most most most most most integer values and return false .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the effects line value prepared character and the user input value plus .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  logical crop .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for all devices based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   ldap
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  grab a pillar and add first occurred to the salt master .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  grab   up
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down or item state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  the new mine to the user .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  null   function
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms and caller on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   input
truth:  return   cputime

test:  loads and returns a json file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  to   build
truth:  config   config

test:  generates a sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string corresponding to either a valid encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid codec .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the logits straight results from the first basis to compute the old 1952 .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   image
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the pem for the given pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  list the module as salt functions and their loaded into the minion .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a polynomial to f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  ensure a line before extensions that unused extensions as when they arent .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a dict of all tokens in tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  test mininet prompt .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   core

test:  check for an image colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  check   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  converts the text string into a list of evenly .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete a layer .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a timeout command .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass it as a string to ttk::style layout .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the default class of a given row .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns json representation of the image files found in mysql .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   json

test:  test #3160 when iso units is empty .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns a list of all active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version string of the documentation for the given version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  clear inbox .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  call   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the node from node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume only if it can be up over the host .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a rectangle which is a topojson integer within x .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get values from dictionary .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  load   dask

test:  return a median std for a given sos matrix .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get numa information from the numa of a process instance .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the test case can accept different units .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  return a dataset of data parent import of numpy .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the currently active user as a afe .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  return sequence of sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   values

test:  a pickleable cache for the registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a string representation of jenkins to a particular api service .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the effective filters for the provided bundle .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve a device name from a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs associated with an iam keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the dictionary of s from a given diff of all keys that differ .
truth: s: string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  string   string

test:  wait until the cluster is clusters .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   loop
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration values .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  content   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a rstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate /* /* for target between tagsets and details .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  will compress data file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  replace   deprecation
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calling arrays .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all requests associated with kb found in kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   flavor
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the unit mapping type required by name .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  io - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   keys
truth:  create   create

test:  formats a fallback number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   phonenumber
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a string as a valid xhtml content .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  instantiate the full website for the given app .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  flag those responses .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validate transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a word2vec key to a list .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  ensure the torrent of a successfull test .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a set of floats expression to respect to the shape .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  split   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test if an empty starts with a assert is not a assert .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  if   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  return repr of repr of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  return   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the native 'www service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the linear weighted elements .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  convert a color by a time rgb to an saturation color .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets the root and non-none product of the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  computes the negative average of the tm .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  combine two dimensional math mapping instructions .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  initialize the running cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  loading   a
truth:  let   null

test:  as an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for os .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all the snapshots .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a mock object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate checksum of commands which are not within make fibre 16 packets .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  checking   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure a setting is valid .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  make   return
truth:  check   window

test:  returns the storage url .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the treewidth of predecessors at node label of all node /language0/project0 .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  structurize wrapper for the demo :math:f(x)=(1 output .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse string comparison for modules which match a regular expression .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  search   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check page of data on a node relative to the subscription .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  using   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing as install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  formats the output diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all running machinectl operations .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   a
truth:  running   running

test:  ensure that the public disk exists .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that ensures that existing wrapper unpickling are called with the same name as public .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mock   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line number in a node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a colorized as string percentage percentage percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of valid fields without the weight dict .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  make   dict

test:  find a path from the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  find   a

test:  upload a json object to a json object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   attribute
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap all tab in sql table .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  send   validate
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote argument to remote archive url for remote apis .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   generate
truth:  set   app

test:  view used to display a 303 or post a crash view when an exception is submitted by requests .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  view   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads egg .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  return a step of degree sequences for a given boundary .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  find   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  check for a certain python dotted name in the form fancy endian .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  given a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial and a monic of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  show the metadata for the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  show   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse tabpages .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add several site'] metadata to a plugin section .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get list of paths for a given path and a pre-request .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure that the document extension is encoding .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   null

test:  tensor of the row w of w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   x

test:  return the message from the request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  list theano and normal dim from theano to normal values .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  passedastringorbyteobjectinsteadoftrueiteratororstream provides the iterator of an object from a generator .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a mock stub .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  instantiates stop server based on home assistant server .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  stops   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds file in es .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  content a downloader report request using the review api .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  accepts   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log out encryption on encryption has the same arguments .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  prints   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the average of the top summary of a language with some initial services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that the si for a bug in place of make-bcache :func:id_srand .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  tests   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  read   implementation
truth:  set   set

test:  compute complex squaring of lasso_stability_path .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  performs   mean
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   api
truth:  loads   null

test:  restore the current process .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add interactive tags to resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   tags

test:  import the path .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  import   backend
truth:  file   file

test:  wrap request object based on dense __init__ .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  wrap   error
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   number
truth:  set   set

test:  get the attribute names and fix for each attribute .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  create   classes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named name .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this will open the course_id split into the course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return a compiler compiler with logging .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random ascii string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  replace tab characters with specified name .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  construct request .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  request   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  return the average of the mean table .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  obtains   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  outset   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  sample static 500 .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a group .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   category
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the domain for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  run quickly on python .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  nonefolder -> xml file name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  null   split
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> int like find but raises valueerror when the substring is not found .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  adds row and save to users .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  require the root openpyxl functions .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  require   set
truth:  xml   xml

test:  check if the directory is supported in the user and output includes those whitespaces .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  check   check
truth:  keep   null

test:  counts the first key to match a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all url params .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  is   a
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  display all repositories in the pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  display   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  display the user to the simple redirect process .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a numpy array of xs and ps .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  groupsum hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a time series of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create featured sql terms that creates clips sql .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  construct a standard deviation from the given hash .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fildlist -  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  to   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get raw penn for two environments .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  parses a token source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration was software registration from registration and returns a tuple of .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  delete one or more filter .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  try   try

test:  given an instance symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  given   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  test for integer drop-in .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  use the rest api to convert a given text string .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  use   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get cr to the attachment manifest .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  get   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache site to be enabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   api
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to represent the multiple virtual key for a foreign version .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  to   check
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert api elements in the given document which are upper one document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  convert   color
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the value for a valid dns uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir into a zipfile (as zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find reshape: directory of inconsistency .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  find   users
truth:  get   a

test:  ensure its possible to route the type types as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a request to require given step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create an triggered for the bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  return a file system primary job and galaxy galaxy rate at the end of the filesystem .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a connected word after a given timestamps object .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  utf-8   workaround
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar url for a given email address .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  install   url
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  entry point to call the fileblobs function and run an http error .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby command .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  log   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  check that the s6 exists and only fail .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  check   change
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test for a mutable resource causes the api call if the image doesnt mark a mutable field call .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  renders the template from the given arguments .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the specified kernel setting of a password parameters .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  download   convert
truth:  importing   try

test:  sets whether the request should be logged in the session .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  start user directory and transformation .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  start   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calculate the total number of a vector .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  save the order of columns to order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  save   unicode
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole expired .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   question
truth:  test   len

test:  test that ipython works in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show the pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  query   a
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  dummy method for raising an exception .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  set   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that the desired configuration variables are valid .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks whether the user can complete the entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in a float .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all special characters with their escaped characters .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   encode
truth:  escapes   <

test:  generate items in all the specified length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  predicate   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get the text code .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  command   null
truth:  list   list

test:  cache the cached account if the container is retrieved from account .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  query   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all unify ordering from d1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a given variable to the required axis x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  convert   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  return the start and starts from a list of start .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   find
truth:  block   block

test:  returns true if the provided formset is a valid one .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runn copied .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  persists   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit xml service with root .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  testing when a list of hosts in union cases .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  are   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  allowed elements of *seq* and confirm of a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  loading   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order order symbols using the substitution u_2 scheme with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the network domain is unable to a network domain or block .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the default tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read the raw lims .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get the first plugin path in the given plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compares elements of two strings .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compares   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a raw tag tag .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tar a tar object from a tar image .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  save   arrays
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services with the given id and find one with the embedded services .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a twisted cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  performs url and try to read the url from the given url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  given   null

test:  configure app from config .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given number of seconds .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that signature are properly supported by attribute first argument to process .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  validate that the request time are valid and put them in request .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   time
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ correlation of a given gaussian distribution .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  null   index
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns an iterator that yields multiple metadata for a given dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of deleted or remote location and exit deleted from the given module .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add attributes for logging .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple to a tuple .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of vagrant cursor as db .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  community products and community instances .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return featured activity references for the given instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a missing stub or lowest for a missing stub .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  if   return
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  try to cache out an s3 file and cache directory .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test reading column header row in commented_header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   input
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if the cli example: .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   method
truth:  module   module

test:  append a select .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  to   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the vm as local or not .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  runs   sql
truth:  get   get

test:  the same social-auth source code .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  check   tax
truth:  return   type

test:  given a yyyy-mm-dd string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return a automatically return the time in the mean of a random variable .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  return   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns all disjoint union of graph g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a course is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that measures the ignored function so that it returns the whole queries over the ignored expected from the given connection .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute an approximation to the ext* of a readout .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dynamically load the message raise an objects of the user .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes rpm/sla users from the minion .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   users

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  get the generic version of the default defaultif .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return an item from a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  given a few version number that is available for the specified include_pat .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  return a configuration value for the current app .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  return   option
truth:  copies   copies

test:  a simple function for warning: rparen .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   params
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  all of the public certificates for a given certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap bootstrap library default value: none this value is configurable .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  template template names with integers .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  given   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  return a field in the first neighboring output .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier by multiplier from multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  point   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert all convert from a string to hex control string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   whitespace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the python unicode path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get all the files recursively in a file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  files   files

test:  make a unittest test .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  make   install
truth:  run   testcase

test:  performs a function call to the specified urls .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  given a long object .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data from the given object .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  point   module
truth:  get   get

test:  test that expected and name is a list of strings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about the current process in the system sys module iff sys .
truth: return user name . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are force a given state additions .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  list all user dicts and return a dictionary .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  date -> datetime arguments: tex_root values for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   date

test:  computes a tuple on the /course/$stuff python process .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  run   minimum
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers nearest .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  return   syntax
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the media title title is set .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  if   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert a image to a matrix .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  using   calculate
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is not available .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update unicode() tasks .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   stats
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the best tests .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  get   get

test:  return the contents of the distribution .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  limit number of items according to the collection of the provided links .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  register all services for setup and offer .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  register   setup
truth:  track   states

test:  returns response body from the iterable if it exists .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over edges in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a key if it has the given value .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a random path .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  object   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  decorates   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read sub-group records from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   feature

test:  an iterator over all sequences in seq .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  resizes   copy
truth:  empty   a

test:  deprecated: send emails in place .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  three expressions from expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  change   custom
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the maximum slices of an array along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   range

test:  the main function for json linux system and returns the json dictionary .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  executes   update
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string can be checked by an int .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url to which checks the specified url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  make sure that obj is of a function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  make   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  calculate the 1997 statistic for the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  configure   normalizes
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the encoding used by the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns the standard deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   deviation

test:  set up settings for all the github folder .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  settings   prefix
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: the list of names of this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  to   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns titlified representation of the provided nmark .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in the group .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  add   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass transform to a different surface .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  find the increasing pairs of two sequences .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  find   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> g_{n .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  if   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the absolute attribute to the passed package parameters paths : str suffix in .
truth: given a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the placementgroup placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a string odd number report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  make   a
truth:  input   number

test:  returns the exception if the exception is currently set and the urllib2 header .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for restricted restricted code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  generate gravatar avatar for user of profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  return   a

test:  set up the queryset and check if it exists .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  set   functionality
truth:  return   json

test:  import an module given its configuration .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   load
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test '021 .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generic program test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  flask   null
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download a file-like object from s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start with the specified pillar and wait for salt thorium .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to a file system path and return a file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  emulate   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users belonging to slack pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  returns a testcase for length of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   version

test:  send multiple ip statistics .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  authenticate   script
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  a view decorator that adds headers to the response .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculates an array of dict[item_name] or an expression using basearray .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  copies   version
truth:  null   derivative

test:  inject a function to the latest instance of recounting keys .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  matcher   sets
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  moment conditions for ndarray distribution parameters distfn : ndarray the statistic of a distribution with scale and distribution parameters distfn : int columns of the upper index of the upper
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  the pattern on all interfaces .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  query   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a equality test to ensure the equality are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the backup results for the server .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  settings   session
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of all files from the given list of accepted numbers .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  find out credentials in the first password api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  find   email
truth:  make   null

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer color can be parsed .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the api files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  redirect to collection a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  show the contents of the posted contributors for the given locale .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  show   handler
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  external_image_list_url gls uris parameters data : ndarray .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  solve   no
truth:  null   component

test:  adds two elements of source .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  add   add

test:  convert the current time to a timezone aware datetime .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an existing topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  start the state of the container .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  start   map
truth:  raise   null

test:  return the derivative of the hyperbolic delta .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  get the coordinates of the two axes .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   null
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the given python command line for the given port .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  check that type is allowed .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   html
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get the getifaddrs address associated with a given one-vs-one .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  split   get
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstall an flocker node .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  uninstall   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the strict from the given exploration or strict .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  output sff for gantt .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  flush   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert x into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  convert   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http feed .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  server   ip
truth:  function   function

test:  update one --download" .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump a private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  nvp a smallest coin of a given number or depth-first .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  require   configure
truth:  return   return

test:  test hash hash .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   actions
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse the infiles line of infiles in a deep way .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a mount search cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for missing and dss_sigscheme groups with specified config config .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check the type of the given addon and how many search for this addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   parses
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all available remotes .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the sanitized url for the given url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   urls

test:  transform an image into a 2d numpy array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  transform   pass
truth:  features   features

test:  test normal form icon -- same as non-shiny .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  venonats   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorate a application that loop from the returned host .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  enumerates   pairs
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two items in a directory .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  query   query

test:  use this method to set the database .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  enable   display
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled response to derivation slashes -- positive .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   logging
truth:  add   add

test:  check if a page has present in the css selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a validation code indicating the ssl hostname is supported .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  return   create
truth:  build   build

test:  check for use of line .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   -
truth:  look   null

test:  return a url for the specified coordination from coordination .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the bcpy of a matrix .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to find the formatted version of the system .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  send   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print debug report report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode value to html 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  s   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get a repo from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a question; message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator for slug handlers for slug classes .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  view   project
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the user has fulfilled access to the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require api class with this resource .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  use   use

test:  show all status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   one
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch in bgr variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  add   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the cluster b and return as list of sequences .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a header method to a compound method object .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  service add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in hex .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder from a real matrix .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   replace
truth:  null   in

test:  return the namespace name or raises an exception if the datastore is not .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract all tags from a given node .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test truncate option .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts the current filter value to a stream .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  converts   sets
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync folder data from folder .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  returns all account from registry .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  null   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave climate platform from z-wave .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  return a utf-8 string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a process name from the registry .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   answers
truth:  host   host

test:  test if a message that we can successfully from a full stub .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup and return google cloud profile .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  null   a

test:  add a module to the given package name .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  convert   module
truth:  add   a

test:  test writing of html files .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  adding   test

test:  finds stream from in_stream to out_stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  perform a2 mask and t .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  convert   hash
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert how many test path to views .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  build   remove
truth:  convert   image

test:  inspect the specified tool shed to the tool shed after sorting a repository on its tool shed otherwise .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  return   a

test:  debug a message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  return a link to the apropriate page .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  given   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the local json file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the virtual size of the image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  increase   image

test:  show filters template based on the swarm python template file .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  show   a
truth:  render   a

test:  convert items or values of offset into a list of strings .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  converts a json string to a list of html .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is less than numpy result .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  activate a json configuration item .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   a

test:  require a session session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an absolute path for the tests/ directory .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   -
truth:  disallow   os

test:  if shape is an instance of shape .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  replace tab string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  test for a string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  test   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry a function .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  is   execution
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product properties of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether value is a valid validator .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as bearing .
truth: get the int . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first ip address within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get date from the date string .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   dates
truth:  given   values

test:  returns whether the user is made up to the table .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  decode a string to a certain number of length]decode .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a sorted list of all children/threads of the tasks .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a pool pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  generate the number of multiplier in a multiplier .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  round   method

test:  return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a proposals for the login api .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two computed images into a maximum image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   compatibility
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the correct image properties for the given image .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if this file is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strip leading marker from a beginning of text .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  using   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if package is currently installed or not .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  package   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list with a given student and b .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a past dictionary if necessary .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  make   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generate average float value for 360 coordinates .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  easy an 257 .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  puts a file to the options in a parsed file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate location between begin and the previously added in a pair .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a python object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily change module manager .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   import
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   values
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current dimension for the passed dimension .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the maximum time .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the aws files for python .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor trigger a job with the given stdout .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a release key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  remove   data

test:  calculates edge from iterable at query for each query .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided tablerheader .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud cloud name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from writing through diff files .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  in which the user view are built with the given view .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  converts a list of specificed response names into the applications starting with each host and the associated ip address .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  build a list to use in default args .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   decorator
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line for a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed packages from uct :return: a list of current bans cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  given a module name .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  test   return
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns an instance of a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a == b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id and the vlan with the specified interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  return   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes element in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the adjacency tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open the application instance from the stack file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  open   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a reference record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  if   notification
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the unicode string as a single character .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  s   s

test:  return a person containing all descriptions for a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   line
truth:  returns   a

test:  find out what extension is a remote host and update it .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  find   unpack
truth:  files   files

test:  returns the json dict of categories that can be used to serialize a process .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the number of bits of the series expansion of n .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   integers
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an item in the sequence of tuples .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  longest an contiguous period of contiguous .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  given a batch .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  given   prints
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl mechanism :returns: a list of mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  represent the output rank for ratings if it is active .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities string from a capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  method for describing a repository and a dictionary .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : id .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  use paging statistics to connect to two plural output .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  command   attempt
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   image
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns github user when were rate .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print a field string representation of an object to match the current field block scaling .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  print   add
truth:  add   add

test:  build a container volume object from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to retrieve an item by a key on the id of an item map .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure that value is json .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  null   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  recursively escape a string for use in html .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a list of all absolute modules .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  given   sets
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns the number of users that have at least one specific tags .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of standard output tuples with another one .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  using   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hide key of a vagrant feature .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a random array of randomly .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  rescinds the due date extension from the student unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  masking   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  trainer is script .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  train   traincv
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test push filepath for bti files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   chord
truth:  io   io

test:  remove options from tokens and replaces them with a new one .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the document from the chain .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a group .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  evaluate the norm of a vector residual function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  compute   shapes
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  since task will get the converter on any errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  import   a
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates an versions of the user .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return randomsymbols along which is in a cms-signed matrix and return y .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from http request .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical thinlv by logical thinlv .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the expected value of which will be consistent with best at least the generated order of the distance between predicted and a given array .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   client
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a new kind of the current matrix .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  invoke dm-verity .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  invoke   progress
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a named implementation of the signal handler for the provided signal .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger a task in some info .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  a special pattern .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume list .
truth: update volume . 
test:  dictionary   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  given a colorscale over values .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  null   file
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the matrix from the given position of the model .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if expiration is continuous or false .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  return   quotes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a new attribute to add the command .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used as auto options .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for button map of inputs .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  iterator   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns rdbms for rdbms in django .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  all lines are formatted for a debug output .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  return   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object to a possible string .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the 2-dimensional line from the iterable yerr .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  given a list of extension names .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  given   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a vpn string to a list of module times and nullify .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  convert   lists
truth:  converts   a

test:  converts a group to its possible and triggers it .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  adapt   register
truth:  does   null

test:  send a pkcs#12 object to a file .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  send   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  evaluate a table of model instances .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar instance and return the given url .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the cached challenge for the current thread .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a debugging message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  fixture providing a redis cache object .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the size of the binary network .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   summary
truth:  turns   null

test:  a decorator for methods of the last argument .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  display the html url for dev .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update translated file .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   guess
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a fake service instance from the given service instance .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test for simple module .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  return the absolute error message .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is subclass of parent that are abstract of the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   up
truth:  point   point

test:  helper to find a directories in the reduced reduced .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  to   files
truth:  return   a

test:  defines and return the value of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   tag
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the uri and scopes from the uri .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   url
truth:  finds   null

test:  test shortest number of ratio with slack least two ratio .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a python string .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   pull
truth:  takes   null

test:  seed the existing list of all projects .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  resets   find
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the given differential equation form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns list of kinds of kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  list   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns text with a blank string .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string containing any character in the string s .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   letter
truth:  is   null

test:  quote the string escaped by requests .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule from the rule logger dont returns the optional most recent permission .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get payload size .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   disk

test:  transform a list of properties from the 'parameter graph .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  transform   nova
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  returns static list .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   pages

test:  copies an archive and the path to the destination directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  retrieves the there is working from the ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write typeroot tree to a specified tree .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns first file names based on sudo .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  support   a
truth:  get   role

test:  create a stateful nbits function .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing as installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  finds an instance of wiki document from the given node .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  finds   start
truth:  format   format

test:  builds and returns an ajax post form .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 signature from public rsa .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  check whether target is currently configured within the given language .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  check   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  open the given writable file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  open   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test warnings of two events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  test   event

test:  convert a trace of variable to a escaped trace data structure of all trace use in order way .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a list of all the hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all networks by instance id or id .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  scan   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we can resize contained file system .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update manifest from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the salt_interface device sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the given path of a binary string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  template interface cache for openid components .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   config

test:  this test will run the thesholds if the script python process uses .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ordercreator lambda function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   nth
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the given unit: units to the nearest unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack 32bit matrix in bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unzip   converts
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  construct a joined html quality for the read()ing .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when a user already exists and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  returns url for an http url todo: add a given token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert all strings in dict to dict with any of its value .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the name for the column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  the pauses key name = aggregated code .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   try

test:  tries to download a sympy config file if the cache directory exists .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  if   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns an eval-context url matching the same url as scheme with the current url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  return   python
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes a conn .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  determine the iscsi percentage for iscsi urls .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  configure the network bind mode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  configure   helper
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from aliyun instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of a matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert matrix to an subpages parameters data : ndarray .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class object from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  adapted   null

test:  the elementtree function .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  url decode a given object as a list of results .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  encode   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the bytearray of the given item .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   x

test:  send a new user as specified in the current user this view is created .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  check   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  default function for the input just change the standard output .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  ensure   get
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  build system target directory .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns a scalar array of diagonals and b .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the running pyinstaller version .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test test variable with max_samples if the right lines cannot be found .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test forces dev seperated files .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   null

test:  check for git version of convention .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return information about a public fetch .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  return   try
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loop going through the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for getting the user .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  view   view

test:  from the provided state to its widely output .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   api
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detect if metaclass does not have a class given its name .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the *l2* norm of the given horizontal lim .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  zero or quantile function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  encode string using jinja and parses *fd* .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  compute shortest shortest paths for a daily f(x) graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  return a python object from json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  return   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the nbunch of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  generate a tar from the given string .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert schemas module to list of schemas classes .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  output   return
truth:  known   get

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find node with node layouts .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns the test filenames for the entire directory listing within a list .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  get   get

test:  returns flavor metadata to the given image name .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  breakdown email can receive preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  convert   copies
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns constructor for the provided runner function .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return x: no variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   callback
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to make the original function as original wrapper .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  arrange the given list of classes into a hierarchy of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  arrange   arrange
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease fixed from host .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute filename in a file or folder .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system information about sphinx .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  null   up
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate an ip digest string from a given ip address .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  generate   unpack
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the dict representation of the first dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  allow a test runner to touch the directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an unicode string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  provides a set of available driven schema .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  to   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  if theme is a directory tree .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  check   up
truth:  link   link

test:  returns a file path to the operating files .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  find   find

test:  formats the first size in a human readable format .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  print   sizes

test:  returns the current time spent on the system .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal central moment / variance**2 - 3 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture that provides a node from normal distribution objects .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  promotes a vector to the given operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  batch   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a float .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the pids of a process instance .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  extracts integer part of the range .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extracts   up
truth:  converts   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress the given data structure from the given data file .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  gzip   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the python modules into the smart_text string and grains .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  the return interpolation .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the models of all have been updated by the given number of models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  joins   models
truth:  works   works

test:  modify a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a libpython process name .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a converted to a sequenceexample .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   duplicate
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if the host is allowed to view the given host .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a template for the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the argument arguments by-reference value .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test line of the line containing having whitespace .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close serial tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify model model info based on random length 3 into 2 classes using single layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of the units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  write a file as a friendly tag .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  print   function
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time as percentage .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  text   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the role component of a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  *stream_name* an email .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  verifying   path
truth:  load   data

test:  default shutdown test .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  analyze   return
truth:  shuts   null

test:  the true if the files exist for an unions string .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  test for a string .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds properties of descriptor to cached bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure only archs .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  ensure   while
truth:  null   null

test:  handle positions'widgets of admin widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the specified image with the same aspect .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scale   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an exception | reference | no const field_type | const_list | minusequal documentation .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  make   put
truth:  null   null

test:  given a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  given   function
truth:  delete   a

test:  return true if the brands when passed in brands to the given brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize a collection of inventory generation .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  init   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write renderengine results in to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes the specified changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   gaussian
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a tuple containing the couple versioned objects .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  return   names
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the signal that the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the first word is redundant in the first word table .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   override
truth:  projects   projects

test:  return the address of the domains that appear in the given domains .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  if   checks

test:  check if out['stderr']ret['result'] style signature is discovered .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   configuration

test:  tell a capital header to provides the sanitized database .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  tell   access
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack content driver .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   helper
truth:  filename   filename

test:  add volume types to volume by name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  display display for display seconds .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute rss number of distance as a pair of colors .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pretty print the messages changes .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the candidate and the given target .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute l21 norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  check whether the master [value]if settings are valid .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  check   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a password on mac address .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  convert a string to a boolean series parameters data : boolean values return a list of bytes or estimator date .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the cookies in the user as requesting by id outside requesting .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a bootstrap container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  called by the sizeof id .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the memory usage in use as quickly .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   memory

test:  helper for find a prefix from given prefix if it starts with prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  find   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount in priority are checked access to true if location is actually a default hash for the pre-specified directory cli example: .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  read all the readme description of directory description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the string filters that occur in the regexp .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  return a dictionary of the leftmost character .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   binary

test:  iterate over n elements in a list .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dominating weighted node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the binary string to the binary .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a vector of uniform uniform uniform .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   map
truth:  null   distribution

test:  dumps options to json so that it can be embedded safely inside json so that json compatible text .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front rate:% of a release or the specified image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  formats value in string to make it format correctly .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a socket socket for creating a tcp connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group bench .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   init
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id and changeset_revision .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   repository
truth:  return   a

test:  imports modules in this module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian and skipped function .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that symbols even if the single argument is accepted .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate arma for a given garch process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from database name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll data retrieved by students .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  post watching the viewing forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path from the same url as a list of paths .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  function for chebyshev the list of elements and return a list of the trace sequences .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  slices   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does ansi script have an extension of datacenter .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call this function via tabcommunication .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  call   add
truth:  update   update

test:  return memory usage of the system .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  construct a dict of stc spaces raw stc .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  classify   handles
truth:  to   helper

test:  add a query to query by a query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install the current revision .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  register a url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit distribution markers on distribution parameters data : distribution or none .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  converts one module or more files and replace the specified module .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the current user .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   user
truth:  set   set

test:  determine whether given address is valid .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  remove html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if the data has write access to the environment variables .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  sets the correct test runner .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api to catch the github repository hook for github service .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  computes the total precision for an exact one weighted version .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  compute   os
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs aws config .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   api
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user as debug account .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  formats a matrix as a string .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform the function by a values of the function flags .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  instantiate a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  save   null

test:  concatenate parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  duplicate   up
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend reports with '[dry]' .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal routine for debconf .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the payment set .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote meta-characters in an arbitrary string to be used as a single string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  function   url
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and meters .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return x: if cosine is an expression .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  query all words in the input string and return a list of text strings .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  query   replace
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory outputs .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   return
truth:  ask   null

test:  check if an values is a valid validator type .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for rfc822 where the default __getitem__ is none .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  converse function for integer .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return a name of the object type .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show cache clusters cli example: .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  to   details
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  return the url of the specified url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  formats the first character as a string .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns a plotly object that wont be passed to the specified graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  validate   a

test:  compare the output transform parameters ind: : colorful the output of the shape to be used in a single against: or 1 .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  appends   calculate
truth:  shared   theano

test:  evaluate det tree to python in the given tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  split   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a list of the names with the given categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  alternate seek & seek one unit .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escapes html characters .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  format the configured metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  format   metrics
truth:  return   data

test:  remove an organization from a group .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  purge   null

test:  get user 'osf .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that replay .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  test   outputs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a }`loadbalancer' load balancer cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert an object to a dict .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   helper

test:  constructs a select with the current repository types this is currently unused .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the number of nodes in the regression where the smallest by the given number .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest paths in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  for a given app label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  ensures a host exists .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new description cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts op to the canonical lags units .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   price

test:  generate a figure with matplotlib elements of a given cliques item .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a number of visits given number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  computes the first .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   location
truth:  null   service

test:  returns the term with any enhanced matched in the sympy expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   view
truth:  default   default

test:  run unit-tests in sys .
truth: map command . 
test:  sync   process
truth:  command   command

test:  disable all action colors for the specified table .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  expands selection by scaling archiving .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional function used by toggling .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc module or id .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract messages from fit file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   maps
truth:  return   message

test:  return the scale of a scale or it .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  return   scale
truth:  makes   null

test:  make the correct figure in this function will be valid .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  make   plot
truth:  create   create

test:  add difference .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read pattern to benchmark urls that are in the given iterable of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  add   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the user preference with the specified key .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  set the pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  set   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  get current table indicated by the pool .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  to   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return true if a file in a directory .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assert that the given object behaves too necessary .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  assert   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create an energy .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  code   code

test:  return zero or more roles from user user : string optional roles key cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  return   method
truth:  list   list

test:  returns an additional asset url .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  load   endpoint
truth:  if   null

test:  test that when and tokenlists are a corrmat list of distances .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the name of the secret key .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified order on an order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   null
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy to the specified policy .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the aconf tracker .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  decorator that validates the decorated methods to add abstract abstract class for a given document .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a string to be used for testing .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return number of github header in a github response .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  return   subtraction
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the specified key to manage the "legacy" key .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  format   format

test:  transform ip .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of tuples that are ignored by :jenkins-wiki:claim .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get information about the virtual switch cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first trace of the password .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  command   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  use user to create a new user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses a compiler record .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  copies   query
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification to inform notification by a purchase invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  list the 'sysctl'ret architecture .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  add the initial simplifies to the database .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode representation of the given value .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute version as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns the full path of a lambda function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return a string to one or more than one step .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   method
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles the reset password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns the value of the expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the base value for a given file .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts parent tuples to parent .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the availability entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  configure or disable yaml spec .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  add   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a string representation of the current kind in the given x[' .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   function

test:  a simple dialogue test that the minion can be run .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  returns a default rpc instance .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of of: strings .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where the zeros and reconstruction are properly used .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  simply delete s in stdout .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  like   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute cross-talk versioned_methods that fail anomaly .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   pick
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a string of length n .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  return a list of parameter parameters that are searched by the given parameter .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pid if a process instance is defined at given process instance .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper method for translation mode .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts all occurances of iri to be escaped .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a databases to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  makes the application from the environment variable .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the wont portion of numeric eif .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a bcache driver exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   check
truth:  pick   pick

test:  fail a case where syntax is not fail while suppressing .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  model   a

test:  update the value in the normalized key keys .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a name .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   image

test:  list all playlists playlists .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  sync   message
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns all redis redis pool .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  config   config
truth:  starts   null

test:  convert string arguments .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  convert   split
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  field'] the field'] configuration for the given resource which provides a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache directory .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  changes the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a group of mappings that asset primary group of a set of mappings for mappings as mappings for mappings and asset dates .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the some doesnt try to use the same way as csv values .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip zip file back into place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a wrapper for the source files in the string by the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the directed connectivity of the graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  simple wrapper for mixinelse debug function .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove web request output .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fit_constraint version of outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  fetches   client
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the user is not a valid password .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  the notification view for json 2 codec this view is |file_list| from the json files .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  null   user
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether the checker looks like an allowable tool looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   subnet
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads the config file specified by config file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a raw meta header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   frame

test:  display a list of all registered results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  start   fix
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra information for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get api added text with each document in the given document document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   target
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade setuptools packages .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  require   verbose
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  the passed index should be ok .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  index   index

test:  returns if the address is currently configured in a ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  return a list of the tagging of the list of user can be listed on the other functions .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the shop cookie matches flask permissions .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print a json indented .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  progress   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find -> str get value in a parameter .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version of the yaml by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  get   file
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert ansi string objects into a __str__ .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of [{'source' errors .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure a configuration from config files .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  enable   enable

test:  recursively copy an existing application .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name like function .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  dumps channels into a file and return log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  checks to see if the response is vary in the vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  waits for the user to press a specific page .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits until remote prompt is specific .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return the metadata for the image which can be identified by locations .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  connect to mod threads and s3 threads .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively set a above above paths to the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  look   list
truth:  return   return

test:  reads from a list of reflog output file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  reads   parse
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  parses a url like and checks the content .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile the python expression and return the python subprocess object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the x01 clip in the right distance between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) or cosine-type .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a fraction given degrees of a particular string .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the specified attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of variables sometimes into a multistring list .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  computes the number of autocorrelation points that are zero or more complex .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with pygal tags .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  text   test
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the device devices that matches the given device .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  pc   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates the tasuki or raise valueerror .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensure that all helper functions used to process a valid file object the name of the python related to work in the specified directory .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  ensures   services
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of diff arguments currently connected output and add new lines to the git repository .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  read a file from the system rate from samples .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   create
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against nm variables parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional closing closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  performs a step using warning: certain parameters cache : str the step and return slices .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  memoize   scenarios
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a member of actors .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a string to rfc 3339 .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets pending finalizers in the default finalizers for app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  return inferred string suitable for use in a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  return   hex
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for instructor uploads .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  null   get
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that value is a valid string representation .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetypehandler class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  stop all containers matching containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  vms   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compile any number of comments in the crontab .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns true if the given path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the sql files .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   sql
truth:  print   print

test:  open blocks of the job with swap blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  open   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return the user input .
truth: get slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate executive grades for a course containing all students grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  null   a

test:  do a direct request of the given transport .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  makes a new sample ids based on vertical ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  makes   token
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get viewsets allowing computes certain attribute lookup .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  get   things
truth:  set   set

test:  get a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  like   like

test:  create an prepared containing contour or ia .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  reads a safe packaging file and returns the contents of nicely .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find out what items are found on service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function definitions at least two blank lines which encounter the rest of the blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a l{deferred} and make sure it does not already exist .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  return a human-readable string for failure in the given failure .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  return   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  prepare a trust device containing the pem key and writes it to a trust key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an instance of a node .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests max_revision() test for samples properly .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create a temporary view for a temporary file .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the number of seconds to a timedelta object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  checks to see if the response is vary in the vary cache-control .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the sequence of keys and values of each item in self .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of length sequences where actions are drawn independently from random items in random .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  return   a

test:  do not allow anonymous system cases for correctness of the function .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if file is installed and the given python module .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  convert strings to unicode or strings .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the directory for a specific program .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve all diagonal keywords as a colorized inbox .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  retrieves   inverse
truth:  get   get

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which provide online classes to provide online requests and a test .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  wrapper around file_url .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  raise   func
truth:  decorates   a

test:  return the operation on the input .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  show the path to the repository versions of a path to the mercurial repository bin rev: tip the path to the path to the command line user : none run
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  bootstrap   programs
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if 'loggernotderivedfromlogging class is suitable for use discard .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of all tasks as tasks .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  ensure that protocol is enabled .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  validate an checks .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct a raw nagios-appropriate from a raw file .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an object or list of the object in a list .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a named route for a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the levenshtein distance between the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints the last variables that are not available as a string .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  show   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the asset asset notes .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  update   update

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  setup the global ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  decorator to run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is redirection .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information and storage repository state : the name of the service write state cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   return
truth:  package   package

test:  if the desired subnet has multiple than 2 .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  the inverse of array elements of each value .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  outputs   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  loads and get translated dict .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  loads   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long legged doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test that named event validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a linebuffer .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   runs
truth:  output   output

test:  given an plists key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  given   return
truth:  have   null

test:  return the y signature as no arguments .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the sign signature as signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   interface
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  returns group types .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict describing specific fields .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite hermite difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  calls a function with a arguments .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  calls   create
truth:  function   function

test:  move all items from list of model .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  move   convert
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the of a provided profile for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the name of the defined network cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the localzone tzinfo .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   print
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 gives a duplicate precision .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   precision

test:  if the default arguments are not none .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  output   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return module path if properly import the module .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  internal function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts to display the plists string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user in the requests .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  prints   handler
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set to specific keypress recipe .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is a valid string or a subclass .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for exception tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  set package metadata for either src or json .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  dispatch   dispatch
truth:  set   metadata

test:  efficiently return the parameters x : theano tensor returns theano .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute standard error response from a matrix .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  make sure that disconnecting is saved .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all networks belonging to a host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the data filter which returns the given data structure .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the real rate for the given feature .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  like   function
truth:  compute   image

test:  given a gradient variable y: a theano variable .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  given   content
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the python subprocess debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess item link in a consistent exception side of the split item .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  get the initial site name .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  get   widgets
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list items and return it .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   list
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size into a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date as the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  find quota volume info .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  find   return
truth:  list   quotas

test:  encrypts a block of two key pairs .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  -   -

test:  select as sys .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  check   google

test:  return the default value for greek characters .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   result
truth:  if   null

test:  update an ansi color session definitions .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of layers for this minion cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluate a vector by a and b = mktemp() [b] $0 .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   regression

test:  make all of the dictionaries of parameters .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  make   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns a dict with the assignment type for a course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  make   a
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for image summary view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  check if the two floating point variables are equal .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object for given rpc .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes up media and all of its fields from resource which were deleted .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  store   store

test:  returns a morph object from sparse output .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a setup directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  a version of '\\w+' .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete security group from a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of all of the probability that are xrefs .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  encode message but print to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the actual root path .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  a node nodes .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  given   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  convert attributes to a table name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolves   helper
truth:  resolve   a

test:  idcount the generated filename name :type 302 filename .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns true if 2 is installed .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  generic wrangle is absent path : string path of the specified user; path to remove user from the container parent default: uuid : boolean mask : boolean and updated if
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  remove the given class from the given frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  change the led between the prng ierserr .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  change   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the first options as a dict .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  parse command line arguments as an additional options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  command   helper
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the directory of the autotest_remote client used to represent a user .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  multiply dense by a constant transform .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current time in seconds since it is an optional time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the sonarr public transport sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert native set into a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  look up the user home directory path .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the base directory where the docker-compose file is present .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  enable interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  bind   bind

test:  creates a custom application for testing .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  test   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop a task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a new session in the experiment dictionary .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove one or more than text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  display a lift lift or move inputs .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  empty   issue
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  calculate the float value of the iterable as a [boolean in the given iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  calculate   number
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip one json encoded json encoded json output and write fields to csv .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  allocated   update

test:  allocate one or more ids from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint in split_libraries order sequences in dict form .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  function   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get timeseries info of the given date and returns all successful items .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  filter   one
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns a grp of the elements of a square distribution .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   operators
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that swagger-compliant matrix checking for passing columns .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  github   error
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the mul with the type integral .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists a tenant_id by adding given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get absolute path to a absolute path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test that twitter performs facebook attributes .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  python method .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   object
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the middle distances between x and y .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  labels   labels

test:  asserts that dict is required first argument is required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  asserts   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a calculated record and add some valid volume name .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the size of the expression .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the deb_postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a bytes[ bit integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop the value from the beginning of the file to be installed .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return local client path from client if local or false otherwise be removed .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  return   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the numbers contained in a decimal value .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a remote shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  iterate over data basic data .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears all submissions of temporary source files .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  subtract two english phrases characters in a single space .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  increment indentation spaces in a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  increment   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all volumes associated with a given query .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  return   volumes

test:  connect a cached cache to the new registry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  connect   students
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a c{bytes} filter using a given smooth transform .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert -> string return a copy of the string s with all of registered whitespace removed .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add continuous pages to a remote url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  string expr in the settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  deletes the specified item usage by the given registration and any of the given checkboxes .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  test downloading users sample table of specified sample files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  ensures   correlation
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse a mongodb plugin state in a straightforward manner .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the application .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  test 'weighted' score .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  the gradient of an error function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  use   gradient

test:  respond to lift clusters release .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns common base path if common sort: .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a wsgi wsgi application that has the given port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  replace   port
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  checks to copy the path for the specified image .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute a gradient of discrete axis length .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   html
truth:  returns   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from a sequence .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run the correct client subsystem using windows subsystem .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check a value is true .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a even .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value that matches [+-]?d+ into and integer if none .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set current video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  lookup projects and push runner to be tested when the request is being tested args: env_name: : .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  search   project
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given patterns is default .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   initialization
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  convert a encoding string argument to a python string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  my view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  ensure that scripts are created correctly on scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text uploads by tuples to emulate a key press appends a tuple with tuples of tuples to grab the global _keybuffer .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get an attribute to the relative path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  release a body of tuples after setuptools expansion .
truth: format sys . 
test:  release   return
truth:  format   sys

test:  computes the dtype of the first kind .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  configure raw backoff information .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  compare a packages to desired components and return a boolean value based on whether freebsd is less than or equal to desired .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set owner for current system .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   permissions
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the name of the option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  configures the list of exploration ids .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  fetches   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  convert store= output to cyclic and ?library_id=<default output .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return the total allocation of the expression .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the given path to a resource token by comparing it with the attributes .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for default state when the tls app is created .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a inheritance_diagram that returns the search dict .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if s is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the auth directory from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize the list of devicezones table definitions .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   device

test:  display all users preferred users .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  reload the current thread of the given monomial .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns access to script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  access   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  test   version
truth:  return   return

test:  compute ricatti-bessel derivative of degree a vector or a vector parameters x : int number of variables or array_like coefficients of the first kind .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of a process exception if it was not supported by the musicbrainz pid .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the virtual server env .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  run   run

test:  execute command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  command   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  a scan-build python implementation .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  null   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  returns the given directory path .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  returns   extension
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the rpc .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a context manager to set the given timeout for the current thread .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  match   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  convert old-style schema to json format .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  check if a worker exists .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  use   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network nodes associated with a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an objects url for the given instance .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method decorator for invalid templates fixture with a method .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  maximum of array by iraf and requirement: * guass-legendre + augeas_vhost_path * p .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves responses for ccx courses that have been published in the ccx courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a unicode string from unicode instances .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  call   str

test:  create file instance with css represented by css buff .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  create   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a si si to a si string .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for staff_user .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  place   plot
truth:  produces   a

test:  creates a path in the file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the type of the given grade .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if this field is a valid remote field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save an errors plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   exception
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of services that are available for other configuration .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the best mask for the mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the enrolled alphabet sensor .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  enables enables foreign keys to create a number of foreign foreign characters .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text to text and html markup .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   decodes
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  return the metadata for a given country type for the specified country .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if we know 32-bit multiple tests .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a function .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  automatically remove all requests from request .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert data to a set of cache location .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render error templates .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the simplified bit fix backend details .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a graph which returns the graphs of the given number of graphs as a graph .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  get a number of decimal numbers with a locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of eliminated parts into args .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   order
truth:  split   split

test:  validates that the argument passed to the specified value .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  validates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push directory that system onto the current time .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  display a escape environment variables using introspection_details .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  display   display
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post number of text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   part

test:  create a qbuttongroup for use in tests that should be easily within a ffn .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  builds   null

test:  run a filesystem command containing the given archive directory .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  run   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of total percentage for total percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a dictionary with a list of elements .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  this is a no-op unicode string .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if hadoop is enabled in the given hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  call   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  check if subprocess partition is none .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call the morlet image with the f*x=0 constructor .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  call   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator that skips test if running pyinstaller parameters passed to work .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to salt .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns a key of the encryption hash of an encryption hash of the encryption hash and the given key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  create   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears internal caches of the global list of internal definitions .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is test and some values are missing and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate random string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  fail unless a function that is not being run in a given directory .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  log   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  used to execute and others .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   retry
truth:  restart   a

test:  recursively remove tests in the directory normalization .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted module name like: a dotted name like: : the object .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu src to input a single model .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   images
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume classes .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns true iff and only if the given latin-1 are the same .
truth: some functions . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  null   functions

test:  main program .
truth: main program . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  null   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non error .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the undirected distribution in g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked package in a linked package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the number is valid vat is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return directory for this directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes instances of scaling change group to small objects .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  if   url

test:  return the changed logic of the object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute a divided by a .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  evaluate   parse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if a if the history can be a if the history appears in an euler paragraph .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a dynamodb dynamodb to a string .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  parse lines of a line with fragments args: - the name of the boolean line is a list of lines .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  parse   title
truth:  split   a

test:  change >> .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  change   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a directory this can be intended to create disk .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   create
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of }/api/datasources' .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  open a terminal validation from a string .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  open   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of supported socket nodes .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a csv file in the searching for this module .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  get   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns all custom key defined by desired alias and build them defined .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the provider from the json string key .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove an http logging handler from a file .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress the given compress_level at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the google vispy .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  if no element is a valid hexadecimal date .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  converts integer in n from bit integer .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  generate   shortcut
truth:  convert   integer

test:  given an object .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  given   null
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package is in the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of lock board id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version string to handle the latest version as latest version string .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of obj which always be cast to check if obj is a sequence of raw object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  indicates   null

test:  adds the application error error error error to the application .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  returns   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  import an exception and return the appropriate module .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function and return the result as a deferred returning a function call the given args and whitespace .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns stats of all translation data .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a json image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  transparently object id or python implementation .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  object   entry
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert key to a string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable any "extra" rules from the firewall object .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert a string n into a long integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds initial state to the task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return the current json report report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for translations in translation .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   check
truth:  -   -

test:  simply run all effects email after the queue .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  convert a file or a string argument to a python version .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a volume list from a volume id .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if array_like objects are not equal to any given eip .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert string to list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into method automatically handles any of the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  check the offset in a datetime object group by the offset passed to the python type .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  check   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  check if xblock has required xblock on the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a list of file names and return a generator .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   null

test:  downloads downloads the user .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of version of command cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   map
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the format string from the provided data and put it to the valid data .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  if   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  return the name of a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  checks if the special outputs the network is in the network .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  check a single value of it down to be a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   method

test:  send -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert mapping file content into a dictionary keyed by mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  test if a jid is a 20 jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  test   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  locate the provided usage options .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  locate   state
truth:  obtain   a

test:  disables a list of bytestrings .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  release   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} checks if the field has an autogenerated field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  move   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new type by replacing or class with the given type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   handler

test:  check if an object is a sequence .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert ipv6 address to socket .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  constructs a read-only method call to an api .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  simulates   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string made up of random chars from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  abort basic slices against obj .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  place   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  convert request to the :class:uploadtos3 url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  convert   downloads
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  the batch helper that returns batch of a batch .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a list of tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  runs and returns the path .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  runs   handler
truth:  null   interface

test:  generates domain tld code for a url to use in examples .
truth: for example . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return a relative path to the given classpath .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  needed   directory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return the name of the files found on this platform .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a current email can contain different output .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  null   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  parse keyword arguments and return missing database output .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  write   searches
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   migrate
truth:  source   source

test:  returns options used from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the current container names in the parent window .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  split   split

test:  if 'range' is a 2d eq matrix .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  find   sum
truth:  get   row

test:  calculates the geometric standard error along x v .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a single lowercase product of the axis object .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   check
truth:  input   input

test:  return link page if index is passed in .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  setuptools   emails
truth:  function   function

