test:  reorder the nth suite of type region into one .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  expand the probes on the given probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters of each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add a list of theming to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a template name based on the passed template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  redirect path to a list of path positives .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns an path for the file that contains the specified file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  removes a rabbitmq policy from the rabbitmq based on rabbitmqctl user which to modify the ? ? runas the user under rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  a screenshot screenshot to reach a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute a vcs tool in the current controlled tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config file to a test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict flake8 extension to line-by-line .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to parse the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to tpath .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the leads of the nodes in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group id for a given user and group .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  private method to take a list of label and obj: flow .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  returns a unicode string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  check if a vector is a scalar .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find all matching bits in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  deletes the session from the database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  fix instantiated instantiated with escaped line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a keyword .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a file url for a purchase .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  given a legacy error request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  slices a time value of seconds containing the number of seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a synthetic function that maps unit to each subset of the estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  executes the individuals on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  the order of x is the data ordering of ordering .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  get the number of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turn two or more child numbers with the same operator .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list of or regular got .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  get all the bootstrap of a directed array .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  get all integer manager which the directory still loads .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get default value from a requests meta dict .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a cookiejar for command line .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  get the network device class .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list servers servers servers servers backend socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  recursively traverse a python modules and all its submodules .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return an md5 file server hash on the master .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  rewrite a de with the virtuals column names .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the contents of a given file into the page .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  make a unusable request with an user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g of f .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  returns the asymmetry of a random expression .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a lambda function that looks for a given action instances .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test that there are no options .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get the inverse of a numpy array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cached value passed into the settings .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  flips a sequence of bytes with one entry in a bytearray .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  forces the generated source code to provide .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  define a single module name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  class decorator to return the class with a class or esxi metric .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay the wait delay : none set the system will be shutdown and running the system delay : none if running any .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  move the elements or list of elems to the given iterable .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent in the provided in the provided build step .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup items in sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  returns a string with a random encoder .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  iterates over a path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a message if an exception is raised .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  clear the entire development server .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the current indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  return a list of all python path as a string .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  get the structure for the device tree .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail unless the comparison of a list is none .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert native sets to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  this function decides a dominating set of nodes to the ckan of the nodes of g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this returns the redirect url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on a specific term .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  just like root directory and add a file .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  invalid _check_array_additions decorate an inventory window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  turns a sequence of lists into a sequence of pattern .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  gets a com object by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the list of the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add a mock to the beginning of the provided hadoop path .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a dynamic form field for the given sqlalchemy model instance .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  the folder path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all styles associated with a given model .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is an int .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  solve shortest path lengths .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  dumps the file representation of a given record .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs the elemwise document exits by service_schema .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  gets the complete path to the complete output .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return a list of credentials['keystone context object for a specific user .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  adds a new background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the plugins specified in the documentation .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  show legend for leg .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all networks .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of all modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from disk .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip latex formatting of mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a channel for index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the target="_blank" into the database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  of the first front of the front in the passed front .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print an error message to the given error .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  returns true if the file exists .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  used to support tests that require the current default .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a path to the unix property of a particular file that may be included as a script .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the appropriate member of all dependencies of the given target .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if the collection in place is invalid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  converts a timestamp to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns the node that maps the graph to a node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack object in global preferred format .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a new url for a service .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable repository from svn from a svn svn url .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for ml how to encode a number .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  read remote packages in /etc/adjtime and cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return the encode_fs_path size as generator .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines modules from salt://_pillar to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  a sure traceback traceback is valid pygments code .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize contributors of an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a reasonable object for the given object id .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  check if the type is a type of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  utility function for the rest of force activate .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of positional and convert them to ndarray .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales that was previously active .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  show all files about the users .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap a function to the current context .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the host or list of hosts : boolean pick up the network config file .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live build export screenshot requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  replace extra chars in text with a single space .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  thunk to pickle real traces .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  exists and returns value from the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  searches a list of python code for a template code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes //-comments and raw functions .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns the sphinx hash of the given ca .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  whether the given operator has a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  serializes a json string to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  looks for : show a show info in show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for a system to return true if the system exists .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  returns a javascript urls that use the javascript code .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i broken broken broken function .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  all coming templates and their associated with those .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the coleman-li .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replace a master acl with a given name .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  create a table that maps the specified output to a table .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the machine-id text type from a given hexadecimal instance .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create the translated revision as a string .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission fact if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test if how to hard connections .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns hash of a hash .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or update the value of the element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return a polynomial groebner basis for a given template .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to spline as moments references .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return dict where the lines are the argument is the line of the line in the format of: section string .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if we can add a short to an http authored .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  if a queue starts at an existing url only allow it to a changed .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method updates a calendar object for a non-standard handle .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  for a given key .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  clear the cached pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return netstat routing information .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the model variation of the given document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop an existing query and return it .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each entry point of arrays that are unnecessary in the list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  create a list of tags for use in a text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  deletes files of destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get the path to the sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  return a set of binary search for the input array .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a plugin .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  return a template object available to the plugins given .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes the given option to a file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one or more supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and parse the string value to html .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the full xrds post .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  retrieve a device name from the compute data .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number of entries in a sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  expected postcondition: __doc__ .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for this user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  a version of safe_urlencode the safe_urlencode prior to safe_urlencode the arguments that are not using safe_urlencode the python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  full site list of projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  view for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  helper function to resolve a function to a given module .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a filename as a unicode string .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validate if the response has been valid since the user .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a simple unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  just like ls .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  return a list of iterators of this object .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test a keypoints where the image of color images .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  authentication for project .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact iterator of apns tuples .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  return given a directory containing the given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the followers .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  returns the first item from a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  if we have a random theano level that the string operator to make sure we move the right greedy .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  get all package data files in the given package tree .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the value from the main thread .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute the full path statistics for a given function .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source move to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  detects all sentiment in the document .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper function to construct a list of bulk_data .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for an sqlite connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the current dns context as a dictionary .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  does the transaction manager changes to transaction manager .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  avoid one application of each element in seq .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the topics field definition is not in rtl .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are matching .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parse iso 8601 dates in utc format to be used by a utc .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  compute adjacency set of the shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can undefined point as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert a network options to a collection dict .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  takes a version string .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  converts roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the autocorrelation function as a float .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  the restful handler for postpay .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  force the getfilesforname() lookup to be a hex buffer -> none parameters ips : the label buffer object the buffer to attribute dictionary of ip address of the local address
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to maintaining an error if a command execution is given .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  used to mark a view as deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute the given command with binary shims .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets up a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the factory to set up the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the next characteristic by a cylindrical .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  replace the fully-qualified package to a path to a list of package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  update the contract file and update its old base36-encoded .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return a list of sass directories that are pulled in the specified system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  handle any normalize lines from the specified syntax file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads a route path from the given template .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the ascii signature of a key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file to a sparse formatted id .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this page processes and link to an editable installation file .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  return a list of thumbnails for a file locally .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted path path from a dotted .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if data contains any level .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability args: source : the full path to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip the image horizontally .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets base lun name for given volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package options: options: refresh force a list of available package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the pythonzip .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a package as the twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  gets an item from the modulestore .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if we have a good header in the closing .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return the disk usage in bytes .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  recursively makepatch the ordering of input .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  compute the expected pair of the matrix tables and check the result as a dictionary .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module to load the given number of keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a win bit .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  return a list of objs that match the given selector in the object .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test when only one updates have a specific op .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download an iam check .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns the content of a photo .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a function: db to a string .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds the matrices of a sequence with the given shape and merge state .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the filenames of a given upload .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  extract the output of a concatcsv file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a valid context as known .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  take the value passed as the annotation argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if the given path looks like a link or a link to the one of the given link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists into one big player sequence .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt event .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test channel-picking of psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- gets the first url of the google cloud storage .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  inject returns a list of files to the top fit .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a certain engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main text input from the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity identity for the tenant type and tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch using degree .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience method to repeat and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  traverse a given matrix and extract them from a sphere .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects in a and their position .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  get the snmp plugin configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve the system state for the application .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  instantiate an 3-regular constant with the given parameters .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create a responses and return a list with those keys specified in the form .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  a helper function for event title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if the group exists in the group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the authentication traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample format for any file descriptors that do not match .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  expected single compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class thingies and returns a handle object .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return the full image information for a given instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  function to get the priority of the given function .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute time-frequency array of gamma data .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  test the patches of a fancyarrowpatch .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve all the configured projects for the user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  method to create a public event object .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  home assistant .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a name to the end of the given password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the x along all indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the minion cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  return true if the current request has an http response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a package to be desired .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the correspond tokens from the right width of a cli width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the cpu is present and the supplied flags .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes sampled based on inputs and derivatives .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems that the win_smtp_server dependencies are running .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if f(x) is call with an oauthresponse folder .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a parsed value for a resource .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create the contents of the element in the given tag .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  it should extract an rule for the given ip .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a byte string for a given type and dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if given stream is valid json .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates a new exception to the given exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch python 2 .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  gets http proxy settings for the specified proxy .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate and return the hash for a suffix_dir file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract the column along the first oauthgetaccesstoken of a function .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  constructs and returns a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss loss from prediction .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  delete the value of the config file .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return the positional and a function name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  returns the first item from a table .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  add a save token to an existing blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  displays data enclosing one or more mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse a response for a query string .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a new text block function that also supports the right format .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a python structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a copy of the pairs of attributes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a hybi-07 to a int .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure that expression name is valid .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a correct axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from playlist file .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a wsgi resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return system-wide signal .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  create the .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the configuration observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the local list .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single action on the given map/provider/instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets the number of projects in this bug .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a function to check to see if a cpu combination exists .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the ipv6 address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  get the old license key .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in later .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete the folder from the user .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  check the gle xml .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a table in a pandas format .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  regression test for formatter which dont load fancy foo of key-value pairs for the attribute of the attribute nonassoc .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library related to llvm libraries .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a factory to construct the volumeservice id for the given product id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the value of the process containing only .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  url url .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sympy algorithm to catch the numpy tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker path from docker-compose .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  return a constraint .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the replication address is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  decorator with hidden 2 must be handled by jobs .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  creates a new folder inside the one directory .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  stacks test for *num_submissions* distribution assumes we can lie this is a hack because i cant take the series series by bootstrapping the combined .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  return a probable type for a topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source angle inside a inside a inside space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  aux function of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the resource file plugin frame as a resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  check that a dict is the same between 2 and target[i] .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the lines of a path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 instance id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event notification to the specified event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  make an absolute link to a base url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dictionary of the form of an alignment alignment .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function or framework if it does not exist .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a part string into a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception object from its button_type representation .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux package exists .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  ss pickle args: data : variable .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure reactor and start threaded reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  determine if the given node is an optional node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  return the argument type obtained by the enum .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent to pickle .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging debug logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  rest controller for hand-drawn maps .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  patch html entities in a given text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  returns the normalized elemwise dictionary .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the installed packages .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  creates a new trigger type db object in the db db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return the name of a module name file system name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  abbreviate a certain number of di .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if tool can be imported for a dependency dependency as a dictionary .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this handler is run once the us python delete: export .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a web page to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  a dummy template with context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  asserts text1 and index have the same meaning .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  gets the current '< database .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit a list of available barcodes .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  packs blobs into artifact .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service tag for the api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create a numeric controller for the given kwargs .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a list of tuples to be deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted flavors .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose to calculate the index of a square matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save dict mapping functions to their loaded .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  fetch a gcsfilestat by id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve the continuous random expression .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  get the name of the failure which can be used with the given json .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the numpy array of a given type on x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from serialized .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file using the given filename and return a file path .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the checked from a wsgi environment and the content of it .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate an ssl ssl handing file for the specified host .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get the windows feature matrix and set it to windows .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios run all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns the directory component of a pathname .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns a course either for the discussion category or access to the course id if it is required and visible is required .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a unique hash for the given template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  display a parsed dict with an object as a model class .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this function as text and return an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a title attribute to the target dict .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return the list of all the system as configured in the {size:url} .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency currency as a dict .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  scans through matplotlib event bus and send them to matplotlib .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of resources whose mesh are displayed .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object copy: the path to the object copy: the object copy: true will enable inheritance if
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator that return empty list .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  in the case of a docinfo file .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  find all of the root with the configured difference .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  verifies that the completion of an object behaves like it is protected .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for verifying user to the bson a task change a password email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a document and return its contents .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters for a custom pipeline has the correct parameters .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  fetches a new wsgi application instance .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  reconstruct a string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  return a layer of namedtuple .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the arithmetic interpolation of the logistic function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  return true if n is a lucas polynomial kind .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the current desktop requires the current gtk gtk the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  helper method to create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look through the buckets cache file for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  given a url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  parse the command line options and return a dictionary of arguments .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can use the same splitting as the string .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the storage attribute of the today for the given document .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration is associated with the given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db format using cant be used for the file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current working directory .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  call callable into a try/except clause and translate enoent .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  replace secrets code with "instant" or default values .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test that all the invalid video throws an invalid timer .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from a list of urls .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given gzip is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the x segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  notify the fab directory for this module .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates ssh key for the specified ssh server .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp app the webapp app the webapp app the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  list all visible case names that match the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  gets the packages that should be used to follows a particular user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns json formatted mac address as a dictionary .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an object from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create a function property setter .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate test_ and check for semver .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is a number of thread integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fixes documents characters and return .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if the condition is a readable string .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get loop without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempts to guess the first argument of the this script .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if we only t to build the given code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry emitted by database .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt polynomials of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag argument with the given number .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  trims a gzip file to make sure that the open data has the same file as present .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return the number of seqfeature info from a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  hps test of scaling images .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  returns a category structure to the given category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge a single dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for the project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  enable all available regions to this thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get the content of the node with the given [u'']for .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return a list of png chunks representing this image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable return true if the make exists in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert the numpy array of a constant integer into a constant matrix .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a file from plotly .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager that provides errors .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and 1row cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to git commit .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential autocorrelation function .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test the load_mappings renders one application .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a field with name matching query .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return the operators and the values of the data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format an image in the specified number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert a string to a numpy array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  render the guard guard .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  return the current idle idle .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  does the opposite of the directories as the input individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the the summary of a list of summary - the one token creates a string with the same number of items in the list of items - the given router
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of owns owns to maintain .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  function that returns true if the python shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot stop .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  do the actual handler for a subset of alarm .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add a value to an rgb filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  update a aes request .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  true if the given user is edit to this course/library setting .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return a human-readable string for a 5-minute of a number of individual numbers .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the pending geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs the target call to a target api and passes it to the target .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c list of tokens into token and the token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax activation function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return a list of tuples with all the characters in safe way .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get this and second sorted by the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  utility function to convert a dense network layers to theano .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  mean of the polynomial at the specified axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image by local percentile .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  parses a source file .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap year is null .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load the manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change process and group of a process id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  wrap an information on the database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a window needs to be upgraded .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  returns a graph that has the same bipartite graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of the first differing character in the primorial .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  use this only to return unicode string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read tag data from file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  return a normalized document which can be used to remove any fields in a dictionary .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  internal parser function .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  in case of project_id is a bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper to scale a minimizes scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine of records which is a mine .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get bearing bearing array .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  remove an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for a vector of distances as a list of select values .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot the current domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a string from the regex .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  removes the torrent directory to the directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return a list of string which can be used to encode a chunk of strings .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user in to choose a ask if it exists .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  return square-free list of square-free factors of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  generate random slices for a field with a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return all updates device names cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  encode a pem string and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that item is messages .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  adds a suffix to a temporary file .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a protocol url from the given url string .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log of the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  computes polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print out the native set .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  return a string representing a human readable human readable time in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if the module is available .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  and the last wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute a pair of two univariate pair for a given vm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to iterable .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to create an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  load virtual memory as a module .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of representation formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert a new pipeline into the given pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the kind of the node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten an svg line of source tokens .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  convenience function that returns a url for use as an http page .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import a class by the given object .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the ssh_interface type to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns true if the given block was overridden by any file .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return the dont mark a function as an empty string .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket for this minion cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the given error .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  set the value of a given value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  gets all notes documentation defined in the args: status_code: list of notes (freegroup returns: none .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager which installs backprop for the current context .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a string and no xml element .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input time_str and port attributes .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set a background variable with verbosity should print it accordingly .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  group security groups for a given instance group .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the icon for a given icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group a stream of bytes by initializing an object that yields the bootstrap of a group name .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  remove all courses actions for the given course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url to be used for csrf rejections .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this method returns the media prefix for the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  remove the virtual environment .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client identified by a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an ipv6 address from a base64 host separated host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate from a buffer .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  a popup .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return the path to a given point in an installation directory .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the value of a host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the submissions scores .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it only one translation .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator that skips a test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove reserved descriptor and closed descriptor in *ctx* .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  add a previously inserted entry to the cache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  ensure that the parent contents of the given file exists .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save a registers .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes all tensors for each tensor in a and b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common paths in the chunk of the given paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  retrieves the virtual machine template from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  get the inset segments of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  splits given id to a valid filename .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get spot instance requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a dictionary with some mute text and their name .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  return the current desktop of the current desktop .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the names of available arrays of a function .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct a partial streamreader from a mime-type and streamreader .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  get the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule lt a series .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits a single files or resetting files .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is called by the package when the csr has been created .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  empty the "list" of the difference between signs and e .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  forces data to be rendered as a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify the custom representation of a git based on the git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  opens an external facts to an address .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  check out the two spelling files from the checking .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the mean of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  takes a generatedcertificate instance as part of the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  turn on connected nouns into individual turn it into a .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba of the iba files .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content of a non-none type .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the given object has a protocol in the specified node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  helper function for quickly access to a particular endpoint .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the graph g of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return whether the keys matches the list .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  return the image of the shared vector used to grouper .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  replace any run of string with a single space character in a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and build a suitable version string for use in tests .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  allows remote_api to construct a function that makes local length .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the list of the currently open the passed in f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return a page for the given url parameters .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create profile signal .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop over qual scores to verify that they can be imported .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable and return list of accept header info header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the given value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  fetches a recursive .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a 3d object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row of 2 empty feature to a dict .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  restrictions a tree to the left image .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the specified table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  replace logging environment with an items in the environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate that the resource is valid .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get list of changed requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest visitors data from all volumes .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  disables and configure the global configuration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  verify that the absolute path of the dataset is present .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads the metadata of a batch so that it can read the first keys and the data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string of the regular file into a module .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  creates a database record for the given table .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest available artifacts .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that adds a method to a scheduled scheduled task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  combine powers so that the parallel is wrapped in curly braces correctly .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  create a fake domain to paste .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  makes a attempts to the instance methods for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this function wraps a wsgi application which launches the global application object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if named vm is available .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initializes a new bootstrap signal and return it .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a unique tree for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a new travel status .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  move the client or override device .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove one or more duplicates from the system .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should never work on a boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return information about all of the named package(s) cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return true if all enabled enabled for the specified experiment .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  initialize a vector tensor .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a system window before the wait will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  abort a url instance teams components related to the request .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the full database from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  return the path to the python installation with the given prefix .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  gets the serialize serialize serialize to the database .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the given node is an instance of the c{class} .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  duplicate excess algorithm of prime numbers .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized exponential correlation model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  send information about a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type : string json type of new vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  creates a formatted function that wraps the rest framework into the beginning .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set diff .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns all review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  utility function to parse bare results extensions into a list of filenames .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  finds the closest matches to the closest monocular and the closest literal in the document tree .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters of s .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line argument for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in an argument to run descriptors .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator that converts a caller function .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  check that all required 'inbox' dumps .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull job sending sending from job .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  attempts to get an usable cert .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random parents of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release or packlonglist date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  pack a net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of percentile terms of a number .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  deletes the given keys from the configuration .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  fetches all hr for a given scipy .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test word from a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  run a full system upgrade refresh whether or not to refresh the package database before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close all devices in the current context .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure that the redirect will return our redirect to the expected redirect .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns pairs of suitable for sqla .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  prompt the hg hash of the device .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  compute the matrix *other* along the specified dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of user names for given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  return the gaussian cauchy estimator .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  same as students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  decode a parser normalize list of tokens .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is of type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for the rows named row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve the datastore key from the blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for converting a complete course settings .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculates the rs_tanh mean matrix of data .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set up a column for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit commit to cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a list of messages that can be passed into a single attribute .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a __doc__ document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that columns of errors when errors are incompatible .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure the answer is raised by the answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by serializing it and then deserializing the current data .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets an hold on a ground object .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or a microsite into a queue .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for |path| exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return an equivalent base gradient for the given css color .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form for the current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enabled loop of stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the info object for the given course_id .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  removes the sum-of-squares of the running graphs .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test a simple bar of simple bar tests .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of __name__ .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  md5 hash of encoded md5 hash of the encryption hash .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator to catches a exceptions that catches access to the server .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the specified user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  gets a dict with the timestamp as a list of the locales contains .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport - restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns the storage repository .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the matrix from a gaussian font array .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all rows as a boolean .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  make a request to the s3 api .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the size of entries to the tree of a cycle .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg function requires the nginx .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  subtract an element of f by a ground domain .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  update available format on the master .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  ld mnist .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return spectral ordering of a connected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update highest vote vote on user settings .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking access administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  takes a mask and returns true if the netmask address represents an ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads and returns data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of the template directory of the file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood of a list of numbers and their likelihood .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of cgi library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  mutation of randomly sampled n .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if the data is a string with one of the given list .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off 100 cased .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test a column with the columns of a expected array .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  extends the contributors tree of appropriate log microsoft a new graph .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail unless the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of all subscriptions .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract an invariant from a list of label and extract the corresponding unix time verbose .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a number in a db .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process a single mergetreejinja file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  example page contents .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use usage_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return the natural logarithm of x in x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  mark a cache as internally .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  a stable activity for the given owner .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] using subresultant .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression plus expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format a given playlist dict to a mpd playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless the name of a credential has all the extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to be executed by a function .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield successive items from a sequence .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create an ldap password with a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around dump .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and raise an error with an appropriate invalid code .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add allocated_id to the cluster table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  convert the network statistics to a network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  save repository to a new terminal .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock autogen .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute the singular xfm between all nodes .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  recursively start all files in path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given a module .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  return the recalculating manager that were active in the details .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  reshapes a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep field_seq | list field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of weighted graph from the given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of distance attributes .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  add a schema to the storage device .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  test that class with tb function raises an exception when importing a class with a deprecated .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add a header and drops proper string .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the editor loads contents .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class constructor for setting declarative class to self .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a permission no object .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  display the list of matching user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides for an environment variable definition by the tox and version .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  gets the common errors in the request body .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  return a network field available for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  detect a cache diagram from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns the current date in the current time with the current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test specifying .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  populate the default catalogue settings .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the symlinks export file if necessary .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  return true if we meet a determination method with the current input arguments .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  the source: returns a javascript table .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips the options formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump the network box to a list of 4d filters .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements in the input iterable .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  get the lines in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return the items in the [album that should be automatically deleted from the arithmetic .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  return the autocorrelation function of a sequence parameters x : theano array the points .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task that logs a message through router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard deviation of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the values of a dict whose keys are the same values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  returns the uuid disk hardware name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the name and their session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print the host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine the edx specified by the user on the given username .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  utility function that records a function with a set of arguments .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  given linear sum of polynomials poly_seq .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  call before the users / comment is configurable .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns whether the currently decorated ip address is used in ipython .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization to a given mean .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for a certain local schema .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get effective router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate the given string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create the main loop of the dbus mod .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  assign content and a content length of a block .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  run pyenv or sets the given python implementation to run pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the single digest of an object type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date to a month .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  same as a laplace array should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tuples or a dictionary of any offsets .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a remote request to the request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load a template for a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  listen for ifttt to an hm handler .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get integer in 32bit format .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  run a bash shell string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime instance .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar given an email hash .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event function to wait for event handlers .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes an hex hex string and returns a binary representation .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  check the validity of the frequency header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  helper to determine if we can verify the bond5 .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a dict with the musicbrainz libraries .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests that have been decorated correctly that have been decorated to skip .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initializes and initialize the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a prefix to a string of unknown names .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the public url for the given user .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark bookmark name is absent .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  take a string representation of astring and return a 64-bit string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the elementwise code to use as a dictionary .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset for a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  takes a single error message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects the configuration .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  application which cooperatively pauses @validatordef .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if two members are identical .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test test params which would make sense to use in env .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns a mm-dd-yyyy field of a bootstrap operator .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  parse a wiki document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold print a hypervisor to hypervisor by hypervisors .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  returns the configuration of the users network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract all registered device names from the given pcap dictionary .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  wrap the first script into a url: of where the info were made up with the first argument .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an staff or unpickling .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  regular byte .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the filesystem available filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  makes the tomography allocation matrix for each phase in x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host credentials for the desired network or ip .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse the pdb header for each record in a different file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an input value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths from the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for locations that this decorator should be a default index or method .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or disable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  unregister a logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that retrieve a header of the column class and retrieve the response .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a specific minions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a user saved 5 messages .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory and a list of files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  wrap the caches of a call to enable in cython .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  equivalent of msgpack .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse primers primers dict .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the robust mean of the specified in the gaussian case .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the specified entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  test specific example of a kapacitor function .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return a tuple from the main exception .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the pyobject this pyfunction returns after calling .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  finds the kernel version of a file .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a wrapper around the compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check if the email address is a proper email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items of data .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process when a container is not implemented .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this function constructs an iterable of problems by descriptors .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function : atom | atom trailer .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  helper to set the application flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return a generator of weakly connected components in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  return a process and all of the process say .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a sorted list of jobconf for given jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  raises exception if the jwt of a db is not in addition .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  converts a value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method to start kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a config file from the database .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  when a single and a new-style database has a format that uses it .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry cache into the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  format coords of coords data for use by mostly .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct | union .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning status .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  transform from a matrices to an rgb color space .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  register signals to new plugin .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file has a protocol made on the given name .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  dataset dataset with a dataset to be performed .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  build final url to use on a url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup directories and directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  copies the message and exit with the given stream and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of flows cred_name and side .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers tasks in a task .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure the students certificate options for students in the course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  verify the virtual server to the given service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products for all products with the highest values .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast all werkzeug attributes to string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates categories page .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  verify that dynamic-string-scriptler functions can be created with works .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  remove all tests from the runner .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a list of texts for a to a binary file .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the file at path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana queue is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  gets the contents of the zip library .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the status of a vm .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the usage of the usage with a given args .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a search .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting of given default value .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys from extra keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get an authentication key for authentication .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute services for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  perform conclusion path .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns the file descriptor to write to a descriptor file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a root key suitable for use with the given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates all scene exceptions to scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  create f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if given host is available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  clears one or more quickly characters to a string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a default context instance that allows the current arguments to create our arguments .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a color to a console .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  history history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end of the closest begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a c lines from a dictionary .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  through the internet and return a tensor with the shape and side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  format a timestamp which is the given timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the stdout for the input source files .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of test data providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google storage repository name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check the event errors .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  decodes a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  retrieve a service .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  serves the courseware specified by the user .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a cauchy .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given two exception .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a web pipeline to a file containing the given pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate the score into a string for the given benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version of the bottleneck release that was previously installed .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the randomization axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  if the given options is set .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  use the old test function to set and netmiko to be used for temporary script .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate download file for the specified file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  removes a .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression to the regexp registration .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias if not provided .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function returns a constant when attempting to consider a constant sound .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return the zf zip directory to be used for the given stream .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  return the function that operates as a "field" module .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path of a resource .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets a unit name from a format .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a list of all unicode strings in the given string .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a particular actor or locale .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal or dictionary of the graph g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a random blank character from a valid set of alternate characters requirement: * mssql tested against: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a python script .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a utc utc utc utc to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  standard edmonds-karp estimator of cosine standard normal distribution parameters x : array_like .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  retrieves the distance between consecutive theta and theta .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize python script .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given pointer at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a region of training in a separate training .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return file-like object that fall in reverse cases .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  return the current user uid uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique elements of paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to create a temporary file that atomically on a local block .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read data from system_info .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run the paired process .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  makes a format string .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a list of named groups starting with a given pattern .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler for qute:settings .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the support for the scrapy url parameters .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string of a qiime_config .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  convert a permutedims to the form of the expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  create a list of cookies from a key/value of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the mfcc to a file for a dom file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  get a sorted list of plot .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an object that has named root_helper .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  set the arithmetic configuration to be used if the test fails to fail .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  decodes a unicode string representation of a url .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validates if basic filters in the filters for basic utility .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the window system .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a helper function for the connecting to the enable function f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  create an iterator to apply data from the right mode .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  test single 3d separations function .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  translate a 6j page: .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  plot axes plots according to a plot or the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  clear the cached pidfile .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  if n .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  show all of the python files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  sets up to lowercase .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve the preferred arguments of the given arguments .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check for caller_stack .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  get all the css css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  iterator over the subscripts messages .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test data with table names and normal table with data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a min cost of the nodes of an undirected graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  converts an ip address string to an integer given as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a string period of the given text to the beginning of a given period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  get the index of the first element in the input array .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  return list of submodules for given pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply provider facts to existing facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the provided facts args: facts : facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the normalized values
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for each audio notification .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to another .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get all the locales according to the same api as they are in the order of --editable and so we are in the form .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  click a new advanced component with the specified name .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert all denominators 2 .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of the keys of the keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  retrieves a track from an echo source and passes it as a track .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the float by the prefix and the matrix .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  generator for converting a property into a datastore .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test using a reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test rotated specification and path(s) around the same results .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to add to the generated xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  common code to categorize index for the dask dataframe parameters index : dask .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the given package name .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return random data .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  verifies that the version string is marked as a valid version for the specified rar .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  args: - returns: a renderer point in the form of a square polynomial returns: str: hexadecimal form .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor predecessors of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round elements of the amount of 0 and return the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send emails to the user of their notification emails .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  return fatal part of given software .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type for the same type .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a simple super-mkdir; tag corresponding to the rules like: .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the virtual server info in the specified dict .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  registers the given writer as an overidden level excel the factory function to be created with the given callable .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  used to track subscribers .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to os_vif .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  given an operation description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of a module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return the path to the discovery discovery .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create a target class according to the socket given .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  create a new receipt object for this plot-schema device .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from inside .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list to multipart reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes file descriptor .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  add a new page to the request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the specified host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode and parse a crypto meta using the supplied meta dict .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of bytes a random number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all file to directory and return .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  splits an integer to a twos string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  provides the given time zone as a string .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure we can push the current --unit .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  provide a database that should put called from the filesystem .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the standard deviation of each sample in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method that retrieves all the user cohorted in the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  return the prefix for key to the named key .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with a differential order of 1st .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a file from disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  invalidates the cms page in the cms table .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get musicbrainz candidates for an album from each items .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the id into a isbow .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the file reference from the system .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the current application .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a single check and update it loads the provided check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy data from one location to another in the java folder .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a variable which may be called with gap .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the mtime mtime directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the user is courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  provided all media files or a list .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document from document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  authentication for the current user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generator to count calls to do not have any variation .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag but returns none if usage: .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test preload of edf files .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the name of the certificates in the vcenter directory .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides the ascii bytes as a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  unregisters a uri result for the given multibody arguments: operation -- the version to the last call to the global leds .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears the cached cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  parse an rfc822 date into a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  perform the reader function that maps unit to each feature in estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  construct multiple strings from an array of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  remove the check from the given agent using the given supplied agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check if the given validity is a bar of the supplied color .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  write a old style pair to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if page is a valid page notebook .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  get the default retryparams for cache .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any time from the structure of the given instance .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  return the ip address for the host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require an instance of a method and instance .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration dictionary .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set the user-agent if the given connection is the same as the default loader .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update units based on settings .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  helper to make a bem .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  converts an image to a numpy array of any images .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  find the attribute for the type specified .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  update an invite to the invite .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block with the new block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model stochastic .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parses a multiplier text as a tuple .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  list entities for the given slave account cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall an apk from the plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the cell with the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  creates a pants setup for functional setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  <theano the twisted description like inclusive_or_expression into a human-readable service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return a list of all epsilon of the specified state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  get a list of return all all all all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights open indices .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the stubs .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send an error message to the arguments .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called prior to deploying a single conda environment .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert a clipped array into a sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  remove the given files .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree of the tree at the given level .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  ensure empty tab do not break the console .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only for macos with utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the tests is in the ago .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run the synthetic jar from the specified distribution .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given function which modify a file descriptor using the given signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the beginning/end socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if a string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a dict .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  make sure text is an unicode string :arg encodes the encoding to text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create the test directory path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  returns a fixture that injects the wsgi chain as the wsgi application instance .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate an image path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin and merge its functions to a dictionary of functions .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the line containing the end of the line number of events corresponding to ast .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a random integer with seed seed the same seed to seed the randomly generated seed the state byte array .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses an if-range date and returns a 9-tuple object .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  a module .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  unconditionally skip a test for previously loaded data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify the setting for the given value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  filter changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  return a invert graph with many graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove the session from the database .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the first null compressor is compressor .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the options and return a list of command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for nouns .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  require a file with a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the *x*-limits format and make sure they were as a list of strings .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set metadata on the given image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a hash .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  parses linode list for linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a adapted config object from the configuration by name .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the time of a namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return the full router defined in <path> .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  associate associate a master report with a timeout; .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all the mapping information from the form arguments: way -- the form of the form .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  alternative implementation to be more images .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the versions of components currently installed :return: a dict with the location of the service .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  create a regular expression to get a list of strings suitable for some fields that match the regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function takes a string and returns a data structure that is a series .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create an extension extension .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of one function .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all the dots indent with a provided value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix in sparse row .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple containing the states of any graphics until the state has been set .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  configure the input string for a fif file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  series data by index data points into gensim array of data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  function that mimics mimics from the op .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the double file with the given local source .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  construct a duration value to a field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  returns a string representing the user and keyword argument .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  return the email for the given recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  dummy implementation of thread .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to easily return previous variables which have been imported from the sys .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  load base64 encoded image from base64 .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine the unsupported lower case .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  does the actual file of a .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new cluster in the db .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  we get the estimated source for the given interface .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a http user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns a string representing the tree in the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current policy for the specified virtual host via windows .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  retrieves a comment form for a given unit and fetches the comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a file for project .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of words that are always very multiple mqtt .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  given a string or unicode string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform expr in compute to type .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks the distribution for primer .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  return the specified column name as string .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  construct a lower triangular index .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a imported name for a frame .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  set the vbox_guest version of the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  convert the implementations implementations dictionary to a sql wtforms .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora based distros .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  standard candle function .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates a series of human-readable entries to turn the given document into a series .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a llvm class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get a list of attachment specs .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time string into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu filenames which the data is around .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  return a list of valid socketfd and send the data to the requested packed socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  given a answers value .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  convert string to a safe number of bytes .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an if-range header of a tuple of lines separated by the http/2 .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  set the immediate bit for the current figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all quietfuncdef characters .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  utility to get the actually be used in to check to access the given user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  this function is called to change a file .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents depending on a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test secondary of py3 collide .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the anes96 data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a dictionary mapping server-wwns and viewsets to foreign keys .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  require python venv .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  get all the tests for a given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches all the url of the given view .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher with the given key matches the supplied symbol .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess a function into a predicate function .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  add a users password to the path if it doesnt already exist .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  signal for :class:poollayer .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  compute the maximum clip of a clip image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the max comments should be a list of comments .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator for the given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts a datetime object to the total number of seconds since this function allows the same time taken by tzinfo .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the same name is a list of states .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  this is the image represented by the image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize local name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to a native python dictionary .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test a x line .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds all qa and rate-limit to the tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  get the environment overrides dictionary .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate an oauth url .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a generator for a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a string to bytes .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read this file and return lines .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  retrieve all inbox device for a inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return true if the given data can be a valid format .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  an image part of the accessed represented by the origin in the registry .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of field names that can be inserted to the metadata module .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate an email address from a source text representation .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the machine domain name :return: returns the computer description if the computer was not defined .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute the *l2* norm of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a sorted iterator parameters np : ndarray the versions of each row in the ascending order .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the score at once .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  quoted -> str .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start qt local file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans the sampled samples and closes it .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  return a simple exception that catches a particular exception .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  list all features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  test that src/robot/version can be created with a score at asterisks .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  returns the path to the built-in image .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return true if the named service is currently running .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  gets the product of a sparse matrix by the values in a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> string return a right-justified version of the file .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  wait for a file system to be changed .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  generate a generator from the json api .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates the structure of the subnet specification .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  given a function and a dictionary of arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the product of a vector product .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a new trunk to the ovf-specified .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier and the classifier which has a spinnaker .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid url .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  compute the depth2space travelled along the given curve of x .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the contents of the wanted remote and return a dict with the directory .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets a tenants client based on api client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change and download a file system path .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  return true if the object is a type .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator that patch decorated function to add a storage class to an object .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests if available .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  when a users channel for the given user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the cli prompt to fail if the value of interactive diffopcodegenerator is not none .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  yield a file system path and directory: if the file is a regular expression .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  decorator that logs a caching caching or return the decorator as the lazy cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write a directories to all directories in the tree .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  write the supplied xml to the given xml stream .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  gets the user object of an profile .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload an image from a file .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a text to unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of seq barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  tries to delete a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the path for storing extra data .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out access id from the access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new randomized key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes files in path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a new resource to be included in authentication .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  does nothing -- return value for string values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack content from a repository .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  get a filename name of a given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj type to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test for #5336 .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  registers the entire job .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple with the docs in docs .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a generic stream like yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the obtain instance .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that installing from the there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a list of all nodes in g that contain the edges in g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return indices of sequence from seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a list of tokens into a list of tokens that are found in .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the path to a collection of given thread .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the given string represents a valid ipv6-address address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  gets the s attributes and all of its attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find a generator that looks like an expression in the form string; .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  break the pairwise matrix between x and y .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  find simple static files under split .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the naive creation time of an anaconda .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  find the correctness of the loss function by comparing it against y rate * kernel_integrity .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  lint command line arguments .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  multiply two rows .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decodes some base64 encoded value from base64 to plain format and deserializes the encoded value .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  determine if the alpha given is a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add source to sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  do not use messages on the smtp model .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if the file is in <path> .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if and only if g is a isolate set .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test that process fixtures will call f if the config has any theano function .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  convert a pathname to a list of finder .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handler for event handlers that sends the indices to catch the url changed .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take care of the data .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gain spatial units per cpu status .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a basefont with the specified sizes .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the himmelblaus function runs the output from the returning a function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup iframe frontend panels .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the a locale code .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrate <pre> to set vhost .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  retrieves the comments from a list of comments as a dict .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  get a named vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  sync approval to the last parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  run the system command using python interpreter .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  return the transifex access code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a list of programs .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports to html .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of a distribution by a javascript file descriptors and write it to a numpy array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a python object for an object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the first position of a form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load and return an extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a case-insensitive function contain any of the given key/value pairs .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity for the tenant type and tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate the list of platerecords .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the depth within the tree nodes .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  generate a given large hash for the given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  returns the changed files that will start changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get instance type by flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  helper function to create an undefined-step snippet .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return dictionary with search or level fields .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  check out the kind of the elements .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of a csr or csc matrix along a given axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the theano shared variables together the same prime as a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  assign a translation to an author .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of a hash .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  exercise from hex to stderr .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  get the location of old global file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a list of random values of a gaussian distribution .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  work out the http code and return an integer .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is set .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log a message usage:: log the info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a parent of text into a yaml stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generative this function takes a single test that by callable .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  this method can be used to preprocess a widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  convert a translations link to a dict of traffic .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a valid trace by its associated context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  child child process names .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  simplifies all process names matching the specified (%) arguments: subtree : the references to write the destination .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  similar to sticks .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract a single external port from the start server .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  create the contents of the interface script cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder a dict of overlapping elements of a model .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a new dictionary .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  allows an instance of a public ip address to expects an instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if the value is an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a list of the base context for the given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% render form errors .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all the module names to importer .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add rotation from the path dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  parse a epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  a decorator for setting dirty changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  returns edges from a string as a file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  return the mock request object to be used by the current user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return the *o* file with this will open a permission .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  formats data to be rendered json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  convert a text sequence into a unquoted string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute hiera and return the data as a command .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return true if the files matches the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract all sun nodes from a tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  returns a list of cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper function that returns parameter key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a partial ssh ssh for this function makes a fid argument .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user to the users home file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the information on the minion .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the query .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a if a source file to a static static string if the function matches the regex or a known was not already present .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  determine the difference between a segment and the outputs .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  creates a testsuite of library and ld .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates the default badge instance for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  execute a addon command to delete all assets from the database .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that all the data only the same .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets all blog categories in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filter out a list of names from the list of tags .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  tries to read the lines and return as a module .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a filter that take a list of avatar and return the ones secret .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  set the docker settings that have been docker by the minion .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  returns the string representation of a python object .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write a sharedobject encoded header based on the metadata .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx for a reference with independent mean .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the trimmed mean squared system mu and variance sigma2 parameters n : array_like .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy this object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that we can parse a random tree with a undefined script? .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  adds a message to the model_variables method .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  construct the test control service running in the parallel process .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis set cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with super data .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check if the old attribute is required .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  helper for l{safe_str} .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return a fixture compatible application instance .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a bytearray length of bytearray with a given length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  return true iff all folders in the given path .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  common code for cholesky() compute pivoted samples of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  decoding decoding a list of native encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate to the current certificate of the certificate to the given domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  iterator over a cos(x)*-2 .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  build a test file path for the specified cluster .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create a new json record for a field .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  save a content of categories to the specified directory .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  create a new thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a spam that when right a folder doesnt have a spam whose constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  loads a .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return the status of a process .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that customer is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call available console and dot to the context .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test catalog with overlapping catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return text as a files .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  will return a datetime object for the given number of a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  context manager to create a value or attribute .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  returns the internal exception type .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of phases potentially phases .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check whether we can construct a full path with a log10 .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a description of the class to be a custom plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  produce an user url to the request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  selection selection of pattern and return them .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parses exactly expr options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  applies standard tokens before the linux list .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  print a theano cell true if the given cell is false .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id delete this thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split a list of tuples into chunks of size chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a draft with a crispin device .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a url back to the given url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  take the journal to set and extract the journal file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  add to yaw if query-string flag to a specified heading .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  i-th should contain the expected case of a given operation .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to the 'http/ .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  check that the request is the same api of this grain grain .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  allows you to access a list of gis when trying to the root .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the location using http 304 method .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a boolean indicating if the value is a type .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract all parameters from the given action alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  helper function to allow querying current ccx to determine if the course is valid and updates the request object returns the current course arguments: importing : the course returns: the
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  verify nvars errors .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a simple middleware .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix for training samples parameters features : float classifier k : int .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  spawns a message that sends the previous message to be sent via sender .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of admin user belong to .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return the vm that the vms for the vms .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  notifies this list of every metadata on the local requests .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  return a generator that is allowed to the current position in a buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click on the element based on the page .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  :obj:ordereddict -> table .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on its position of an image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of all the callbacks of the given callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a permission grant from a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta timedelta to make it readable by a human readable form .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: mask-passwords this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  loads a graph from a file of neutron .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of currently selected language .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data as numpy array of binary data .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a "add response for the given name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  executes imblearn/version from a cluster as input cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if typing of same level in the same .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a string that is a function that should usually support the sending to remove .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  web server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the unix socket path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no longer used .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns a string with a given grey level .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the environment for the jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log reader for the pcs log .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  returns a recordsensor associated with a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the facebook invite graph for the requested invite .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  gets the default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  helper function to print all the virtual nodes from a list of all virtual host .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  renames a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a time if it is not a json representation .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a list of dns bytes .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load coverage images from the mnist .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  create a new loopback instance using protocol instances .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a list of the user diff .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get a random value .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  encode bson .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return iterator of lists with n elements of the flag_size length .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of the parent object with solid .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate cls against cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute edge centrality function of a directed edge .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  call the given error to avoid errors .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all data from all minion datastore .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if the object is an instance of the given class type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster to a cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  decorator to apply conversion to a path .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  whether the path should be a valid path .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  return a cleaned controller for receive or none .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots a time series .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  pass in the same name as the database to the custom settings as the detected detected for backwards .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse process of arma process parameters ar : array_like probabilities .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a string validate that can safely be supplied .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  if track off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test show_fiff .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of masked arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  gets token authentication token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the address provided address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the text of a textual string .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate a timestamp in sub-list database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all vms for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get a attempt to detect the varint of a terminal .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version of revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  decorator to load httpbin view that requires httpbin resource .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  log an agreement that was previously set with the passed log .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* is a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks if the current distribution is a json/ajax distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  reads an interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  reset the signals to the os /dev/random .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert a number of integer to an int .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the generalized multiple threads converted to an roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that all wheels can be listed in a wheels list .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a single field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer format .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  return the default string as a number .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write the base64 encoded string .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  list unsubscribe .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  compute the edges of all edges .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  get all ips for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt complex zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box info .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a list of path relative to the vocabulary .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  returns a year for a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities about all maximal for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute the most running tasks and execute its tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add an event nodes in the mean .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  retrieve the app_label and return the json object for the given secret .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query subclass .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a unique presigned for a request .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return first id of the given set of lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the shift-reduce log-likelihood of the machine 0 .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  returns a string to serialize special transform .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get a default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator which exempts a function by name .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  determine if the line is in the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a timestamp to your process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  test installing from reqs file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on the specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  recursively delete the directory and when it does not exist .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to set the true to a python statement .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return list of length n from this module .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess and decode the given value .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show all window with data for the current index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  registers the given intent type .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector of expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics for this 'w' .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  get a ceilometer instance from the criteria .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  type_name : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates multiple threads of the graph containing the specified threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert there is a finite where tp and all rows of the rows in data .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquote -> ~/abc if it contains only term characters .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  given a course_key instance .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the format of a response that loads the message logs into account .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls retries .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  generates a valid increasing square id from a function .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake group and save the optional count actions .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to update organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is inside the end of the loop points .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get the schema associated with a given schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding and encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  return current modelview declaration .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  returns a last-modified field for a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports on the specified type from each -f(x) .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  automatic the use tree .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the current time of a remote host .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and its comment and return it .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  simulates a wsgi response returning a __init__ error .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode the string in the series/index using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function takes a list of headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  retrieve a dict with the given urls .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  returns conference representation of the queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  explicitly run the given function .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper function for understood .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not desired .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test assumptions of assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets a deferred structure back .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create the contents of the given file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  return true if the given key has the named key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert a token .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the email should send emails to one .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  get the version string for the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse the executable page with a build .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the input image with the given text .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  convenience function for defining a new initialized variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to correct barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout has changed .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  testsuite test suite for testsuite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to use in the submodules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path to the file containing the specified path .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform 2d nl of log image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an iam error message to an api .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a search request object .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure empty object after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset the server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a capable string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify a range of endpoints as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return the list of all known theme classes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal to that needed .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  checks if a source image is isomorphic (in and x .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download the zip file and write the installed resources to the installed file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  display the commit id from the user .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip test if working fails .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sorts the first opened opened .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  get all schema belonging to a list of dictionaries cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a package to be passed with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne solution in hdf5 format .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade entry with the supplied ip addresses .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  calculates a standard normal correction constant based on the merely of the array since this function is the test case .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing nodes k_filter .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object to a form for obj .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  for a given wcs returns false if square image can be located .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the canvas of an ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read the all the random text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document current user as a new vdis .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can ignore case .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  context manager that asserts no values to the current environ .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  write 20 tweets sampled sampled sampled into the public api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  set the value of the kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  efficiently multiply f by x**n in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the target groups for the specified security group .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  attaches one or more warnings to the :class:categorydescription .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  do the gp_generation type .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if instance profile is associated with an iam role .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a copy of the options that can be used as a proxy for the registered version string .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  the most common necessary to build a vmware path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into a continuous clip .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a sequential cursor .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores a single binary file or a qual instance as a qual output .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the postorder variables for a given tree .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  utility function for searching for a single c++14 .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set up a mouse event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  determines if the user can delete the user can delete this review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert that the fixed-offset function gives the same as the permutation permutation .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from the given path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  load the openerp video client .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  return a list of courses sorted by their announcement score .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  update the chain generated by du .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked a shorter volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse and return xml tree .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  gets a search dict with a search rights .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard pdf dialog .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns an iterator over a sequence with the same length .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check that debug line numbers of reg_dir .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  helper function that retrieves a list of yyyymmdd date and returns a dictionary of date strings .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the eng .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the system environment variable name for the package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for binary step x .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to the api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the packages currently installed disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  builds a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache key for each row in the database .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return pagination .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return a new transform of zero or more tensor components .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get mrl of media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  split an expression by a python int .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a single list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse a single view of the specified length .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  rest controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the random numbers generated by the same results as the theano implementation .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  stack sparse labels from scalars .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url to a given url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse a incoming songs based on func .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the maximum path from a aspath path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  unite -> iterator repeats the elements of iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the list of template that the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the time zone aware datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  return the unicode string used to generate the library containing the current registry .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  generate a md5 error for the given str .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print a single space representation .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  if the user will not be validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  override the modules to be used as a config file .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start handler for celery events .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a new tool to the configuration object .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files and agent to the execution of cmd .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal a private key by a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for all students enrolled in given course .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to the package resources .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row and returns a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no normal width .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  merge a tensor into a collection of word2vec layer .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  validate that the her has access to the grant settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function implements the end date and returns a string as the authentication token .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines whether obj is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  returns all available files in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute gradient of the gradient of weighting and return the loss of this deployment .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : function sep field_seq | function field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all events from the minion .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  write a base64 fix for resulting resulting lines to a given 64-bit file .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown description and returns the proper description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied os .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a list of csv coordinates .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a field to restrict for any overrides of the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  see has_prefix .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the loss function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  look for the sanity for the specified domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  given a version of v2 codes .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns the absolute path to the executable .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from mapbox .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  gets an entity object .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  starts a remote command using scp .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  updates a url with a query parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the object for types that can be hashed .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next series is greater than three every series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  test that named selection while function uses raise a case while for estimation .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  converts currency specification to currency as string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  returns a list of all available calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  watch a specific value from the range .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing password can be called without any of the given data .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace #!python with one slash .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller to pass to string .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  constructs the authsub name from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately around an assignment operator .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  a decorator to set the quadratic class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and mode bits .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a list of applications like stacks into one application .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  compute the docstring into docstring [1] .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the root directory for the hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to redirect to an instance socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a new url for ability to send a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check if enough vs file is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  search for yielding query ids in the db api .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file into a string .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from pillar data and display it custom state modules .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the data for use in a column .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the sample index of the given array .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit int from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  adds given arguments with given functions set .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  returns true if the temporary file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  format the standard error code for each entry in obj .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a function to check if the real flag is not a valid template_name .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the given job id .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  return the directory for the mkdir directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of absolute path relative to the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms any mistaken into some kind of the given clip .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the list of all active certificates for a file .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints an ascii flow to the end of a token .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a given data to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function function function function function function function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test javascript of javascript files and retrieve a javascript sampled sampled sampled sampled sampled sampled .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that makes sure that this only returns true if the function return false .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product after merging the current sites configuration and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a parameters and set of api parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter requires the jenkins hide validating build .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluates a loop summary of evaluation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two consecutive events to another collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  return a dict of available facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return the duration of a serialized v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  searches all matching search for the specified length .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a record of the given numba type .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the matrix *m* of size n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand absolute path into path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that the desired document gets tested .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  expand $vars and ~user prefix into one with more ones .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset the cached language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  return an appropriate auth string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  returns true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translates a collection of collection notation to a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change content of a signed graph .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of verbosity 2 .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  run the output of a subprocess and return the contents .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes fs files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a database and give it with the specified options .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  looks for kernels of data to not .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  a decorator that insures the beginning of indentation indentation .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a min cost of the outputs containing a list of network addresses .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance theme as a file .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return a list of counter since last intervals over time .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the bracket text .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return option list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a debugging message usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system email to a user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract video version from current jdk .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a wsgi application in a list of committed .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the given request is set in the elasticsearch session .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed in the minion cli example: .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that creation fails with boto are correctly created with a case .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  do not use json so that the data in json format returns json string .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add the execution modules when importing the sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory of the file in directory of the file in directory of the file in directory
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  evaluates the elements of the given child .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  get *true* data from rapid .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fetches the current datacenter from the specified datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the filetypes filetypes of the given ext .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a series of pairs according to order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the given exploration id .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  rate of change : (-1)*100 .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified jail or all .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all courses in the course that they have the respective position in studio and updates that they coach .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of the given class .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process that logs for hour .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  gets url of the form field from request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of all filters filters from the compiler config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks if sample ids is finalized more duplicates of same data as duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a case with a local url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository into a new url according to the one directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  basic tests that were created and toggle django data .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within the specified subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  utility method used to parse an http request and return proper response .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  test reading a table with table values .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = ia + jb .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get the list of resource pools from this pattern .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a task for storing a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes lines of the file containing one with the given name .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user without the enumerated variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  split a string containing a normalized list of items .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensure empty prefix doesnt break the builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse header device info parsed from udevadm internaldate .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the cached configuration from the socket .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple example of m m .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the default translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure coordinate .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check if the module tomcat exists .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of the has_repository_dependencies and return boolean rows as it guarantees that are true or delegate .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns the version of the bundled version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test dimension exception when passed an exception is raised .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  check a file to all of the files start with the provided list .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  retrieves the youtube message for the selected video .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a chordal graph with the given choice .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the number of individual host and post default .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  remove any oauth url from a url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this directory .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends a new one .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check appropriate color for the possibly of n x .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  this method serves up the object access to the user .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  invoke this auto auto instance with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  bootstrap the source file to astropy .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  create a new wsgi server for the specified job .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted predict .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate an index or operator into a slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review valueerror .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  returns a list of video video names from entries for the given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a matrix .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a generic zfs instance that is zfs up in the given reactor .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the value for the given frontend .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function with the same declaration as x .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  iterator over files in the given directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  verify the the deployment tree using the salt-minion method .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is the given file into a string into the directory into the rest of the given directory return true if filename does not exist .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return filtercomments source with cmd converted to jinja2 .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a linear differential function of linear mapping functions with the same functions .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the static frame web page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition and saves it to the specified task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a fast ssl socket object .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  produce the url for the sidebar .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of users by all users who have been met for this user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return true if f is a decoder .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  remove the tags associated with an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a prompt that just returns the specified text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all volume build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check that we have a list of integers .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  this script is invoked when we havent to assign data extensions for elasticsearch .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a simple issue in order to the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  translates a dummy iterator of a given parsed ids into a dict of relevant data .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  the dynamically initialized content missing from a catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  reports a list of existing video we want to send .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring locally cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the url for the given prefix .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates the output_path spec for the specified tuple .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a cache-control caching to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible and has eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary of gating usage information for the given course id arguments: course_key : the course_context copied .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the certs certs from the file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  finds a neighbor within a neighbor graph given the given graph .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp to a datetime instance .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale and scale the least-squares helper method .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  initial routine for a single test returns a sequence of points .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager for eager .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a tree node with basic numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql server for an sql db .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be run when importing a file .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify the stack passed in .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save images to disk space .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the file-upload given in a dict of non-boolean params is a valid dictionary .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  finds threshold value based on yens images .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  this should be compatible with a filemanip .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to mark a function or method authentication .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an authorized context object from a sample .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a generator which yields genelatex body for the subclass of the input body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure the cookies can be set .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  helper function to add a simp record to a simp .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  prepare a dummy function for consumption charts .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace none with an ascii string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies the x509 verify .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect all put or list of host_names to a host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return value for option of type .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific values .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow workflow dictionary .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  hide list of tuples into a list of tuples with a .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  fit iir .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the inter-mapper logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct a theano function from every overlapping of a set of values .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create a w2p .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date format .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for skipping test if theres a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  gets the host of an http client .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  run the jshint server .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  return the default help help command .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone the disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert file path to a relative path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing a simple dependency gets installed .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  only run once the suspend module if ram is ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  return a tuple containing all the rules in the canon .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure that all arguments are less than the given job .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the effects sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  like user but returns the default invited .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return a url that matches hex colors of a css css .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any data type .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  calculates the central transformation matrix of f(x) .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  gets a string representation of a placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt the data with a aes key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only for macos with solaris specific name .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns a list of selected items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plots a heatmap pattern .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the unicode string of the given error .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  computes the initial state with an initial taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the input image as a tuple of master and return the result as a dictionary .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  writes the given contents to disk with the given name .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a model for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node if not installed .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  utf-8 encoding in the given string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  marks up the youtube transcripts for youtube server .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a url to local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  remove all current db-api 2 .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the specified instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces union of argument with provided argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  extract a string to bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set whether how-to is a specific socket .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this is a separate consensus and converts it into a square image .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list of multiple lists together .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert latitude to imap4 zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of all the keys found in this vmware environment .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the facebook settings for the facebook settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  a helper to format the output of the given index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  obtain a redirects of data .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared mean of a tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a task by type .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  take an type and return its corresponding timestamp .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  a decorator that allows you to call chaining on the sys .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  alias to see if the given value is a number .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return the addition line of a list of kroneckerdeltas .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a cinderblockdeviceapi that first exploration with the given title .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove func from a dictionary .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  parse the arguments and return a list of all es information .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve the hostname to an address or its address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  tell whether an expression is odd to that virtualbox belongs to be extracted from utils .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a named password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  returns the list of paths to find all modules in sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password of indent .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  rq -> int .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket this plugin introduces a game where hide hide builds at certain jobs have build .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dictionary to a new dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  :return: a new draft with an updated form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a file of bytes from the given file-like object .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a container .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  log a bit operator .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the altz text that is the altz filename .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert a new endpoint on the victorops .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  find the path to the folder .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer in continuous .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key name for the keys with the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  requires that the user *not* be logged in .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of the project .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests whether a test is properly formatted .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr certificate .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub registry .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset ns[' .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a gre setting .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  display the current gdb error message .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the connected segments of the given segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  returns the dictionary for a given alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a canceler 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of flaskgroup .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists on the current vpc id and returns it .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  given a string of chosen references .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the string of a text file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete the given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run all apps in celery order .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  round a precision to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  parse an object to an object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the current movie player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  looks up the procrustes method for the model .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  validates a serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clear the global runtime from the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator that requires a view to be a staff platform .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the only contains websocket headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  prints all theano variables .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  the wsgi application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns approximate arguments for the given arguments .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies generated by help as a dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  execute the salt cloud load and return the contents of the state .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this decorator is used to replace a numpy array that will return a numpy array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  ignore function to ignore if given path from the list of ignored patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update all user dict in one or more libraries .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  power of f of compute polynomial .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test the current version method .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  return a workflow instance for a given workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a lexical course; to the user group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user with given user_id args: user_id: username of user object if none .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  raises an integer if the zmq version of a club zmq version is set .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  removes the data that was possible to open the file .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry a call and save it to another backoff if it doesnt exist .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load --target --target file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a record to a fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  gets a angle mapping of a given resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  return a generator of indicies if a user is sorted .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds the dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns the given error chars .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has exempt from the csrf http response doesnt not pass the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  same as bcpy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  parse a content_disposition signature and return it as a dict of arrays .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the circular error of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the username and a username from a uid name .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  runs the given user from the call .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative label a field name .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  helper function to add comments to a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that maps made to the get page asking the factory; if the url is not a small-screen view .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses text using the __dict__ from a string .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a pydot graph to a file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  convert a string to a special case .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to generate the decorated test if the http requests is started .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get them to use when running return the setup_environment platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  helper function that returns true if the login is active .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return normalized normalized discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads video video .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a email to the given recipients about the email parameters .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the mm api window handle the api for the registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs and associated with the requested summary .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  merge the bokeh files with root_dir .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  api query parameters .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of the given list .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate hash of key and return the hash algorithm .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt lt expr | rule lt rule | rule gt rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove keys from source where source .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  given a encoded header dict .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the url to the attachment hash for the given database .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of venv packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash and nvidia-process '[tl] .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return true iff the function is threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that the first derivative of the targets containing the given store .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  takes a value of an iterable object that is safe to encode them to true if the object is a primitive type of integers .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a resource of the plot-schema .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation string into a cost .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test small-world of points .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the items of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the special dns record .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute as a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse a string and return a list of trees .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the absolute path of the package .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed in a multiprocess .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  remove a specific security group from the pool .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns the mac address as a learning number .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  prepare the module that identifies a ast file and imports from the module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  regression test for url .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new managed() output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith character is set to a usage: is set in __salt__ .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all registered action actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start the server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix is applying a matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the log of an input image with expected results for multiplier .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator to run a function in a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the c reader doesnt segfault when the input data contains one .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  vouches cannot fail .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string to base64 using base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data from the like dicts into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  returns true if the line has a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a string to the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  clear the current session .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a n-d n-d of a sequence of values .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check that repo: .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from the minimum sequence .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the file path to the appropriate one or more closest .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  sends a inspect error to the context .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  utility function to get a color color by checking if the name points is stored .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  call callable and get all the links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  return system information for binary classification .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  turn a logger or list of all messages to the prod-requirements file .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  logic links for all links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check for mysql if mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we can compile error with &key .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers less than x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the ascii values of a given ints .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of the quotes .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  perform a this:: function of bubbles .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to ensure whether django-storages is a valid foreign distribution .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  a decorator for methods that may cache the results of a method .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  return a http server endpoint to start with a mocked port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate the model supplied in the supplied model .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float attribute dictionary .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  orient the second kind of the last downloaded .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an http request for the application .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  create a template from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return zcr parameters function_source : float .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 optional .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks to see if nictag exists .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by x**n in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  set up stats .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a relative path to pyramid relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  update ports with ports .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  opens the elements of the last implementation: data and returns it .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  provides a sequence of two-element tuples and returns a corresponding query as a string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of user names of users which apply to the given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new mountroot leaves representation of the given test on-disk .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  retrieve imports from the given project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  return a *frac* matrix where data has a nth-order distribution defined by a poisson matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an eauth token from a ae .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  there are a set of volume bindings that there to merge them in the same as the artifactcache .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read epochs from file to fif fif .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag for the exploration queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return a tuple containing the entire position .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a cluster in a context manager for the given cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return an absolute file with its extension replaced by a filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  verifies that the memlen structure of the specified memlen .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip a value .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  establish a single host string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product list public products .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  astropys the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk over files in a given directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  the lineage of the block for which the given row is an :class: .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create and register a temporary file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  gets the default fetch for the current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that makes sure that this only returns true if the function return false .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex object prompt using a new frequency transform .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility function to create a password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ssh public keys .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the current search service .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return whether salt-minion is installed (in plugin_unloaded()) .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the result of this runner from the runner tree .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the key to use .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list the profiles for all {}default modules cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  get list of all installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in directory .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple function to return a set of type instances .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  a unicode-safe base64 base64 encodes a string .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the docker prefix is docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the contents of the current image .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a protocol and the result of a landing statuses .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert a list of native constants to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  module view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  a view that retrieves all 500 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert string f into an int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event instance .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  fmri -> (short components of a principal components of a principal operator .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the apiapproval of a given field .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search all matches in the string by the name .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array by data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the score at the given character .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean squared likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a byte string of a binary string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an xml table by examples .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  represented a request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save and restore a fixed file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the named container .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a cipher object dss_sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_map_item : const_value | list_type | set_type .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove any existing dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return fixturemarker of obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure that s is a sequence of option .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  convert a tree to a tuple of .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run a named path on this file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username of the current environment .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a package with a expected distributions .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  retrieves and return a list of css indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module importer .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the first elements in a list of bits that are flags .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the tag class used to track a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the virtual server inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given data file to a given filename .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return an lru cache directory based on the current cache string .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  tests if we can train a random data using a mnist .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  rest controller - restful crud controller for searching for autocompletes - used for access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a unicode string version of a string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a dictionary of devices from the system metadata .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to count calls to receive a decorate .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  only start if the named service is enabled in __salt__ .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper: get a datetime for the given month .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a function to assign a query to each type .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  convert a dictionary of issues issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns a list of context names for all currently active .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  iterate over all the example files in a directory tree .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  pass in a session to the configuration .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to be called with a mutant .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the regexp object to read the most recent configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  shutdown a vm by emulating the named vm to the respective server .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and return the modules in the current desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images in python images .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  ask for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the dockerng execution module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised in "faster" mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  return the appropriate text representation of a dates .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return path to binary string for current windows .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified app with --scenarios .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  we only look up the service that should not be consistent these name .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays noiselevel has two floating but get the rest of the given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single sparse matrix of the shape column by shape with the same shape and reshape size .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  the keyboardinterrupt test based on the plots of the dataset .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  return the language setting from the language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group using shell-like functions .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns two lists of two lists .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  add wipe from disk to the list of disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake repository clone .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the value of a line of the given arguments .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  searching for searching the job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a plugin from the output .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  normalized normalized operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  fetches a dense array of type shape based on the current shape .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  internet runner .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse the sample id of a map file into a regular format .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the list .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  receives an instance of a new request .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  check if source date has reproducible or inputrequired date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create and returns one of the loss .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example header value set to symbols .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  prints common sorted objects in two statements .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip address from cidr .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get an sqlite conn object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  ensure that we are running in the git fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  remove a city address from the pool .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the current thread name for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if the completion is initialized by the version of the checkout .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from the given file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tests ask with a ask joined to the ask system .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  raise an exception if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  parse an xml class from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : step expr | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython test database .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a influence to make plots output available .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  copies a file to a remote tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that the printer is initialized by bound with bound .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for sphinx requests .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  gets the number of groups that represent the groups in the timer .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  remove dir for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  return the type of findloadednames .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ the timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  alert restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the larger table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment chain .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs to indicate whether common count is a list of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect user id .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves the given object and returns the object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return a list of users that belong to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create a filename to be read in a python file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  return max id of maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  patch requests tuple returned by a 2-bytes button .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns the content of a dict .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  write the md5 hash of an object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  check whether there is any of the same number of server considering .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  superlative llvm type to deal with a given tree .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt from the base64 data .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class with a template name .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  start whether unique port should be returned .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  zero at all of a .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a reasonable type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  method decorator that adds the signature to the function .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the given line of a tab .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  draw timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks if an ip address is a valid ip or a repository and returns it formatted as a keyword_function_map .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register provider_factory to be available as the parenthetical functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  determine if remote method information is formatted for the given method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using a coroutine .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get when the emails is currently registered .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  ensures that a list is a unicode string in a utf-8 url .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the django settings of a template settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download data to a handle generating set and then download it .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  converts a version string to a testversion .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  utility method which parses the list of kinds objects .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the shortest size of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment (which set by jinja socket .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get a specific file name for name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  url :return: the byte string representation of obj .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an http table in a table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper function for escaping tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the given kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for the filepath_or_buffer to build an ec2 instance and return it .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file parameters data : bool of the format containing zero : bool filepath * filepath or timeseries array of filepath returns a filepath .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  update some list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume fitness .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing a number to the string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the full location to the build .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test to make sure that individuals .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct altaz *name* is never than the right altaz when the coordinate coordinate defines the right altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get the signature signature given an object name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  decorator indication factors on obj .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert hexadecimal character codes to ascii character with the hexadecimal key .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetches the content from the access to the requested probable content .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup the allowed serializers .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates the test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add hard methods to the suggest method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  construct a tuple of things that have matching lines .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr results according to the configuration .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a stream .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test that the fetch argument passed .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the schemas of the pick pick exists .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  generate a txt matrix x with the same hue .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository then find the appropriate criteria to the database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a process has been seeded with a given status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  return the address in the address that has a valid ip address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  mixed test with specified object .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  return a list of all of the files that can be removed under the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test a set of docs .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if the node contains any of the given title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test that the predict function outputs a fixed pipeline exists .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get python files for carve .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of length-one parts into a list of the form where each string is exactly one .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return a list of all bounds with specified size and values .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read unsigned transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  view that allow user registrations to view prereg .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text to a number of indentation .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a content-range header and return a tuple of the corresponding hue header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  perform a named function based on a watch call .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of containers in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key as a [#xe000-#xfffd] .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  bayesian confidence intervals for the welchs average of a mean .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert enbedded strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  executes a blend crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout a checkout or execute an order .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  given a reverse type .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes a converter class instance that uses the model class .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer for the repository + associated with the current account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  constant-time with datapoints .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the square root of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  determine if the node is an trigger baseline .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  long legged doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager for setting changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  a set_position_target_global_int helper function that returns the metadata of a request .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates if source is a postscript of source or not .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  module-level module-level module-level operations from the passed in footer .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict that maps grading and a list of dictionaries to each block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  same as a -= operator .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  source source file to the destination destination .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe size of the pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  helper for this script to create a new message .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a single batch-command entry in a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves a profiling connection with the given name and c{matcher} .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read an proppatch proppatch from a proppatch file .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  construct a linear interpolation for computing the same memory as a separate function .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a tuple for the special operations .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network object .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays html index page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  load a shared library and return a handle to it .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the field with given css keys .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  gets the fact that the given comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving of equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  creates the ensures that directory for invalid .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator for methods that accept pid .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the hash information about a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  create a new subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a property into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  cast-128 the cookies for the specified user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return user_ids public activity query given as user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model matching the goal goal .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that automatically detect any mime type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that we are not using the same dimension as telnet .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate a numpy array of lists/tuples/other .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of compute names from a local one .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the exploration summary of an exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  parse all non-empty jobs .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression plus expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove the user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set image information for the uploaded image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a string into a list of non-empty whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start the start application on the data directory .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  generate shapes and plan from the plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url the display for local path .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as absent the name of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  wait for a file system to be changed .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for a given request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  a slightly function that returns true if the current context was previously set .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  pull translated strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets a number in the region for the specified phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a fits value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  wrap multiple text by spaces .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a time string into a :class:datetime .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  compute the successive order of two boolean array .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing html columns in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that the given student or a set of items which have been authorized flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parses an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  compute the accuracy of all accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  a path .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes samples as input .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  construct a restful group id used as chain identifier in midonet .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a new shared shared shared shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the system object to use as a generator for valueerror .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  determine if the given user has xtheme to specify a context-free or by your short user: .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create hgrid json object for the given addon .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check if g has been changed .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts integer to a dict .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  find the degree of a matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  main function for validating fasta fasta file reference and save types to directory .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a metaclass .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain desired <name> for the desired datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm list of urls to a realm warning: this is the corresponding type that we represent the same with the data in .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode function for the given unicode flag .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic forum to test server .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel fresnel integral integral s(z) integral s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  function to declare which is the same name as the -= identifier .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  create a array of dask chunks of size chunks .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a dictionary of the options that can be used for the given monitor .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  gets the throughputs configuration based on a sample .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this function .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web server .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  it can update update from models .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  return the instance of the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all status of the gamma .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the application and returns the module .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for c{version()} that .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator that validates the default function .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip id and invalid vpc id .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  regression test for invalid handling of pytest .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user permissions to a user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the kernel kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log when schema_endpoint event was requested .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  turn a new widgets into a dictionary .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  load a immediate vhd from the vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  returns the status of the given group groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the circular mean statistic .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded ecdsa vector from a list of the private vector .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a string with the major and minor values .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string of n with specified n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams coefficient of the tipc group .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a new hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  the regularized purpose function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  render users activity 500 for this review page .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the application .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of all leaking objects as a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  turn a n-d dict into a standard row and labels .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize given gated_content_key type and initialize a mapping of item[ .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return the current figure .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  writes data to a working or depend on the equivalent .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the current dir .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  sets the application used for the current thread .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  remove the current request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  waits for eventlet to be available .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  take the uuid in a more format into a uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid of the process instance .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find all the branches which is true .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the contents of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return information about a partition that requires a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add ngram to token .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  view to require a view of a putative request auth .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  perform a number formatted as an ascii format .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  remove a list of all containers in a threadsafe state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the state of the ports to use .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  takes a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns the "natural" number of bits whose th are the same netmask as a set of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the best available if the function is not a protocol or not .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render a template into the given config file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the class of the backend class by the module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  create artist mapping of equality_expression names into a repository .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the current linux id .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  validates that the given template path is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the formatted field to see if the decimal field has a decimal field .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  ensure an option has open option name .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the thumbnail url corresponding to a public file .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that macro and monitor functions callbacks are set .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  try to convert the contents of the queue to a queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a string to a valid article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose used only .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  decorator: run like python2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  format a header header matches the given section .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function with focus scores .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its parse .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a default options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the scalar mean of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check that the new version satisfies the given version .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  creates a blockdevicedeployer test that will not tile to the specified hostname .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a list of all available locations/datacenters locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  slope of linear t .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  return data description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the local host or list of hosts .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  n343 the directives of create and extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  return current line number .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a money string for the given locale .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to launch the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip by given rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements from the given directory .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract a key from a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a new network attach a network device spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  provides the appropriate format and make sure that the user has a lash .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create an encrypted encrypted dict with a simple value .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the url of a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates an existing viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates in a given directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over the format found in the format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  calls a value from a buffer to get the integer value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  generate a new file with the specified name .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  sphere test objective function .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  this function inspects all file to a list of paths .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  invalid arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  scans an answer - called to generate a new answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return edges of the power of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound to the expected sum of a wishart-distributed of matrices .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline if enabled the build step will create the job for the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of direct interfaces of convenience modules .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  convenience function to return the absolute model of a given polynomial .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if |target| supports tenant_id .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the first host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters from the named datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  create a server listening to an s3 host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  runs the alignment gui from the input file .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of type object .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  create a recurring component from one of the given component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a certain floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the logs for a given instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  serialize a python stream to a byte stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  read the group type from a filename .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under revision control from the given iterator .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of sample dicts for each sample .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  fetch all transitive targets from target by list .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a new homedrive cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is an unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> abc%20def each string of a url .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize the specified security group to the user .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  for item .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: assignjs will return a list of all the parameters .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  compute mutual paths - x .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling this plugin introduces a game where there is none .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all sm flavors .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  returns the ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns an instance of pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a configuration file to a file .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the courses is required to do a required course identified by course_key .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a pixel application by hashing .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function that creates a cross cross test function for running pprint .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best matching the zone id from zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors should not change to dummy variables .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array with evenly-spaced spaced values within a log-scale .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages which are installed by the current package .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  view that logs out .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  get the list of media instance sizes on media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  unpack a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if *uri* should be treated as defined in the specific role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given db is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if current interface is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close the client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  display useful information about available bokehjs .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  iterates over the settings of a file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test a column that has been ignored by the expected table of columns .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the driver object to send in a warning .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the current python binary .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of sequences .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  define a cookie function that returns a message object .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the information of a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  returns a list of variables to be used to represent the container product created with the same variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  retrieves user auth url for the tenant name or auth .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  insert -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  displays whether sleep button is on power button :return: true if sleep button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  creates a celery app instance of the app engine application .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return the first interface passed in the ipv4 address .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate an oauthtoken request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified class .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that ensures that the input function is supported in the client .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  assign a dereference signal that is pending to each filefield .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  transform a context into a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the current version of the given server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current window that will kill all events in the current thread .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict of keys sorted by keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in pem format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in context if obj is not a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all activities .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the current greenlet and return a tuple .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user has access to the permission .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  convert a dataframe to ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  make sure that the cookiecutter cookiecutter() with a particular call .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current line number within a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the vdi associated with a disk space .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe if we can stop a :class:pyramid and return it as a string .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if no table is specified .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a packed packed string as a packed packed packed byte array which is encoded .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  clean up the node formatter for the node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the string encoded in the --exclude of a python function .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql sql database against database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in a number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the reversed url of the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string represents a valid haproxyctl .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a namespace string from ~/viewfinder with attributes of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an event .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove the named container .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  helper method to load an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  perform a merging of the merging attribute that may be different from the merging attribute .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  discover the channel .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new defaulttoolstate for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build the cythonize configuration dictionary according to the top level .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get complex from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a hashed token using a string hash algorithm .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  delete a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the embedded embedded data from the master .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  fetch all tests found in the given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version string .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  load the availability ami for a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this continuous continuous px .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  view function to return tool token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parse a blobinfo field and return the parsed data .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  create a backup for the given backup device .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the remote message from the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the met settings for the given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that a .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a certain lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a bug of pings .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform multiple index definitions into individual id .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  look for a class with the class name in the class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a python stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out a test tree .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a json index for the given data .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a ovirt instance and write the config to the config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the default config value for the proxy minion .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the given python module as deleted .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a made to the main menu .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric value as a tuple .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  get the status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  convert genesis .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if val is uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  interprets a boolean value as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  parse options from the minion datastore .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list single managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression using the regex filename .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  create a new chart chart with test data .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates a list for searching clusters in the list .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily thread thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run unicode unicode on windows .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility method that parses a crop of the filter_properties truth .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a hash of changes from a given model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse bson side data for interfaces .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  take inputs with tags and return them .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  make sure that the first call watch & run this function is restricted to time the channel format .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a timezone of user with the desired .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email to the email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the filename path in the folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the last figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  takes a number as a number of digits .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a graph .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style object from the given campaigns .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns random hex bitstring .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that pydotprint does this is properly just a long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  parses env variables using xml reference created in the xml file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  decides whether or not the node with a given user belongs to the given node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  return the datetime object from a string .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  return a list of available cpg steps .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return selected rotated data from four vertices .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns the configuration directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 summary line options; the w .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like iter_fiels but supports the nodes from the tree .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  to open template .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  executes imagemagick command in a subshell .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  configure the dnf base class for the gpg safely .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  read an iterator out of its type .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a generator and return result .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a valid bytes for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  set the :func:os .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return true if all unicode fields are unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call this function before the till error .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  module function that loads the python implementation and returns the python objects .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  wrapper around c_sync that allows us to update certain length .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search a keepass file for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter all file names that match a pattern .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data as a gzip .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  get the compiler compiler from the given compiler .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test the decimate points of triangles .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  set up logging for a separate process .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  remove the given module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top level level of the specified subset of data .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  checks if an image has been seeded with a getmsperframe status .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns as p2g url from the xml root .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the list of headers suitable for the given response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  reads the status of write access to the given file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  get the path for the application .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide event when build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the distance matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a file object as a last-modified last-modified tree .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a sequence of binomial binomial .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the dictionary mapping available to the system .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a python file path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine server .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for an instance to be a socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the name of the sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a fake options that runs the application with the given scope .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the completion given is a progress_precent .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the given dictionary .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns next tag for the next tag in bytes .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  runs a single services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  given an index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure every plugin correctly filters .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  removes an extension code for the given module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a editor to the datastore with a given buffer .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  read pillar data from pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random sampling of the given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  this view instantiates and returns a wsgi response for a user .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the source file and a cache .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  parses a loop and stores it to the next .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a listing latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler for the internal cleanup list .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more items from a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a custom key for a specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  check if the given official has access permissions for the given user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability as a description: communicability .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check the file system ascii format .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  consume the operations applied to synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  a source code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new wsgi application .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if we can generate a generate key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replace out automatically docstring with one docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the first connections .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage usage bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return a list of directories to be used for logging .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for shipping charge for shipping .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of paths relative to node in k[x] .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer array .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the ssh server for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  compute the elliptical integral of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  utility method to check to see if the configuration has been set .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  yield pieces of data from one file and return chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  create a random word of source word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert a to convolution space conversion .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  display a list of complete variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  indicate a job status message is set correctly when he is true .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  ensure that the standard_broadcasting is present .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprint .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove the list of dict from u .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the given sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get the harris points for the given locations .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of the provided dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper function to get module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally of given data and create it .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculates a list of param objects .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link role to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped sensor .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails this plugin allows you configure a build step that will execute the equivalent of the build step .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a user from a virtual machine .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  parse a file and return as a module .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks if python version is run .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the collection of an "canned" summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test on lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the available switch sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return the content of a docker thread .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  wrap authentication decorator .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message for a given episodes .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  returns the hex representation of a hex string .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  moto -> beautifulsoup type string need to test str_cat .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  map message to an ndarray .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the behave .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the root stream .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle signals in a raf file .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string of a number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  like :func:escape but for strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  provide a mock storage path to the websocket websocket .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  turn string into a string with ? .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that converts a message to errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize the given language list .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in a cidr format .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show image array of labeling image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  just prevent imports to resolve multiple threads .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any embedded node to a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a package to the named location .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  find faces and direction corresponding to given volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an output file .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  check if python module is present in the python modules .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  gets the comment for the given comment name .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render the template description in a file .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the state of the those es level .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like the function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if the credentials have valid credentials or username and tenant_id to tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  delete a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate that the rate rate limiting limiting is set as one of the correct rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of the occurrences of a task .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  create reference to the repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a given keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in the folder containing the folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a full header string to a tuple of the contents .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the n-th array of any meta .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  provides a dataset suitable for use as a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  contactfield widgets add or create a dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove an absolute name from a function .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  parse arguments to options .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  checks for any of the existence of a package_files .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  cleans osffiles .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return whether or not a pattern is passed .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns the data error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion notify files to jenkins .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : expression plus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered or is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of strings in a given path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert hex color to a r string .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets current line .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a simple notification to bokeh on the given whom .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  splits word into a sequence of two-element tuples and join the resulting string with each line in a shell .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return the contents of a repository in a folder .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert all the values in a dict .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a uniform random graph with preferential attachment .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  retrieve the batch normalization for a given list of training calls .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  converts a dictionary to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a simple model based on the image_ref version .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  asynchronously call a multiple records via multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  use the given message to fire a fire page with the given data .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  creates an array of size array with specified elements .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  get the client to ensure it is associated with specific milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  list the stack loss of a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  change text to a augeas type .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name the latest version to add or installation if not installed .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that the fix column of the tree at the end of a table with no keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  calculate the most recent info from a static library .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all table .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator to mark a function as not being called when a clone exception is called .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns a userrpc to use to contact the module .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a test harness: worker .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the return a list of dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  puts python index into sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the tell weighted sum of the current thread .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simply sends with app: to stdout .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check if the completion option is valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  determine if f contains a valid 1d or more advanced .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a profileentry object .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the objects contained within the context .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the packages that have been installed .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  a calltree method to assign a function to a file system metadata .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the binary operation to a python data structure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  contributors across the contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require the git file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a single command list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test a report evaluation of evaluation .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the given function to see if the managed managed is not available .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports the pure driver name .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  gets the given url from the given api .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a set of unique classes .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  call this function if there isnt a dict of strings to be a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and fails if not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  call this function against a sphere of points parameters arr : float32 the previous effect of the desired point .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  block a cxvpy pairs of the tree .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to handle uploads by aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove master jobs from the master and remove any compatibility .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  return a customized class for a object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return user_ids public activity query given as user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  takes a message and does the following: dependencies .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper function to patch errors .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for null process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  return the content type to match the right content header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  retrieves the last element for the given user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the string representation of a notebook to the string representation of the current buffer .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  returns the energy of n nodes of the first kind .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse an authorized commit string .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the module is in the current dir .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage this plugin introduces a game or execute a build if request was not already been run during the builds .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns the list of the words in a single string .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  refresh the usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  expand variables that contribute from iterable and orphans .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  upgrades the logging and associated functions .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update resources .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  creates a flocker keypair for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton base .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return a column in the specified row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine the disk image types to use to determine the red .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the specified versions of a file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out the users within the database .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace the incoming statements with the given compiled statements .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that the specified value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes the output of a boolean to the output variable .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg <query> -- gets information for the newegg of the google analytics .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  wrapper to execute a function in the brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans not the directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file descriptor to the output .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create the default signal map for given signal name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a child command on a remote machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the order of x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode name encoded in the path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return the number of bytes needed to represent a certain bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the content as a string including the ones as a list .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  bubble sort algorithm .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the list of the feature ids .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list the encoded records for this async module .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the suitable app for a application .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available latitude] .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  helper function to resolve an ip address into an absolute path .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the resource from a url string .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user to run the user to remove runas the user to run the userdel control
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the source file to a figure .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method and the class .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  fast typing and restore the generated by the generated tags .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test whether two example using djangos datetime64s .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all manifest databases .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  create a nonce validator that can be configs to send a list of [] .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a collection of protocols from the event log .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  a shortcut for local messages .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  apply a function to a numpy ndarray .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return 2d regression of the current active regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it doesnt exist or not visible .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes :returns: a list of the machine or arch .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  similar to speed .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  build a gcp from the environment for more than the project .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  close the schedule and uses it to set the same way as the current thread .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 to disk .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and mode bits .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  extracts links that are generated by the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse an tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud parents lookup by pre-associating them into a dictionary of real data structure which can be used to access to every element .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a bunch of sequences of depenencies .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  parse a decode-url file from the iterable of values .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  used by unit tests to reset the current context .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert a dictionary with the provided keys .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return a dict of all readme files for the repository defined in the repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return information about status data name the disk to display it can be installed .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  gets the current cluster in the vcenter .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a path string into a group .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  reads the first n bytes from data file .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls tiny .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a single wcs of an integer .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  return a true if a organization does not exist .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy one or more test files to media folder .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes a position and returns a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  notifies a simple notification to send .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a link in a simple bokeh .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary file and returns a temporary path to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  yields remote_api to match the path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a endpoint from a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign _get_conn and connection functions to the minion service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from usable data into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a :class:version for a .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the current configuration value for the key specified .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of hosts within this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  put the browser widget for the given config_string .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the global dict exists .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for security groups .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  gets the name of an author user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for searching for searching .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel fresnel y0(z) integral s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to removed .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  returns the sum for a step size and integer .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  collect a simple function that handles my my if there is simple .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form with **parameters**: .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  return the special version of the most errors .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves the entities associated with the given high_id_key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module rm rm rm on the specified interface .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the list of script names for the current script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and extract mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator function to iterate over a sequence of batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get how_many*2 .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that the cursor is set .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer interact .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a closure instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : expression plus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  create database tables for the given single mopidy .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  decorator to generate a validator method for a bokeh code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project project email notifications .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module and return its safe module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given date .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a multivariate value of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  return the string func of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test whether evoked data using a evoked estimator .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  find all python traceback from a text with atomically .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide critical to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with lines should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from the specified file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  raises valueerror if the job doesnt exist .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new dns entry point .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the import application and return a module .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  raising what name should be automatically set to a particular class .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  context manager to return an empty source code .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a pydot object from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this function allows you to redirect to a user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  to change the map field .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load the modules for a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  extract tasks and update tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  gets an app token from the application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse an http quoted string .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  zfill -> -or- return a zfill .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace #!python with xxx to ascii string .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to translate any files that are using the _() function for the _ function to translate to translate logs the
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  unquoting function for sys .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a list with states of the input k-out .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the various network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file with a list of open file object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the console axis label for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple argparse parser to create the parser script .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of parameters from the logs .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips for zookeeper where zookeeper are zookeeper local .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last web page .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function if it exists .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default language for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  create a very very very component of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that transform is an cpaste .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  write the string representation of the specified file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the given url has a valid cache url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  django template that yields iterative by the tests .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  display the requested comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the jupyter has been swapping to listen .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  the certificate that was previously set .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  wraps a rnn state to make it the default value .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node and return its results .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  special function to return the current colors as a module .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return reconid matrix for a complex matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of the jobs .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  prepare and return a mock wb .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the given host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a numpy array .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if all args are inputs .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user model instance of the given user_id .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this function will prevent django from serving a content-disposition header while expecting the browser to fix a series of the associated type .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this returns an instance of the given config .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player serving object .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given file path .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compare two statuses and return true if expected checks the tree at the same time .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from plotly .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  returns all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  returns the error driver at the given error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the first entity that is available with the given key .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  trims a series of file names to be used in a nice spanning the specific space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function changes the current branch to the archive system .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  decorate a file with content .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the preferred output encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the sigmoid calibration class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate a regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version number .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary classification crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  make sure that the table with unnamed values are ignored .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authentication for endpoint .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a string that represents a special physical and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  take a list of test module names and return a list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the close-on-exec along the specified dim along the graphical image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  adjust the filesystem event loop and initializes a new one .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the list is a single instance .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  return true if we can init about any of the running isatty .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  if angle is continuous .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  authorizes a given password with the provided username .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return the current rebulk instance .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  this will render a template for the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for the knapsack with repetition .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers this function tv_last to import media units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations in file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  maps numpy dtype to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filter pattern matching and return them .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  we represent a shape in an input variable to emit a variable with more than one variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get encoding preferred for environment variables .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  tries to delete the local cache location .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns list of available status .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a sequence of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert a boolean to a numpy img format .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds a config port for the addition of a new serial port number .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  extends the dictionary for sending emails properties .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the current user has permission to add a new attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  instantiates a 1d array of mnist chunks into a numpy array of mnist .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in the path .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all broken tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default python type for a given model .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event option .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  authorizes a given user with the provided username and the users password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add beveled from a loop which the loop is added to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode incremented/decremented incremented/decremented name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  helper function to resolve a file or directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a request to the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a set of all the defined settings for this application .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an anonymous repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a new css_selector instance according to the specified configuration .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest version of available latest common to start common groups .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  recursively sort the given object to the scatter function .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of regions from the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all specification from specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get an sls client .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of unique kernel module is for the specified desired package .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read the current contents of the pin .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  builds a labels for hsv of a block device .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of field from a group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  function to convert streams to a penn .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test a file with a particular suffix .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the file in the local folder .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns tuple over the objects in the given list .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  supplied the output field and pluralizes the response .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  given a shell descriptor .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  return true if the database version number has a database version .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for a given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along third axis .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an xml tree .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return true if the given error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  parameters seq : iterator returning elements of sequence examples .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the target sequence of the data .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  attempts to allow rid of a vm to be written on the random machine .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  if we are set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get a list of all targets that have been ignored .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  fakes the axfr store with an empty file object .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  find an attribute that matches the given iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  create the active active data safe to update the first dimension .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a flag string configured on the options .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get the list of active history items from the programs .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer optimizer make sense .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the current linux status .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a special text string for printing the current axis .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  turn a wsgi application into a decorator with the decorated function .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  clean the absolute version of a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  return a string warning after a given limit .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a string representing the given album using the given album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate an s3 string to a previously rendered domain .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  return a signal factory by the arguments passed to min_df in a function .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the given process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the currently active singleton used .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the name of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  parses the bokeh files .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator to create a class instance .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  print the last line of each line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  this is a console-based only includes nested lists along if we are ignored .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return a string representing the given indentation number .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all data from a public string .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a cython zipdir into the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive failures .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  build an environment dictionary from env .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get the best milestone milestone for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> str list fsync .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a compiler instance using the given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect user to a given url with the requested content type .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull an ssh server .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce multiple results in dictionary .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  issues the data to the resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse the authorization header out of the given http return a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  the max peak statistic along given axis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the fast hmac for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of the tree extends .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  renders a list of records for the user .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a serialized message like socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  checks if obj is a container parameters obj : object object to check for .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of lasso_stability_path .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert string to unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return any eat descriptor for the given size .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a json array to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  compute squared mono .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the duration of a time in iso 8601 format .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  provided request headers and validate the request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table with verbosity colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  tests that basic resample function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a tuple representing the major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the xblocks xblocks state .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill chart rendering with a none serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the real .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the given path resolves against a link or a directory .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two floating point values are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  create a deferred and give it the result .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  delete the signature of the currently being deleted .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete the specified metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  job to return a list of random pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the windows api call .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  give the participation tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  list the supported module .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack pep keys from usage of python modules extension .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy function that takes a coroutine argument and returns a dict of the operations .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of the first or raise if it exists .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  create a file in the directory tree at all files in the given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  avoid duplicating of python() package excluded run for all of the python() .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model data registered with the most recent values .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the get_local_id() article string of english if the word does not exist .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the list of subpages that can be generated by the api .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a given version is installed with the current python version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  returns some exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  add the running the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  load xml bundle from xml set of namespaces .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  installs a as a protected hook into the path component .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a list of activities .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new service with the specified persistence service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves the differential equation with frac{text{<independent 1st 1st .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to broadcast to the output of show ip int .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  automatically installed setuptools from setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix multiplication of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  parse the json-encoded contents of the user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  retrieve certname and files associated with the most appropriate certname .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  generate the function to return the key for a namespace key as well as the specified module .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume name .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a list of strings into a series of values .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new compute compatible dict .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add additional brew to a list of commands that get brew the xblocks .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  when utf8-encoded is run .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  return a source_path cookie .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all the rules for the current thread .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  format a logger for eliot to bypass some logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the number of positive composite numbers less than n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts an ip address or ipv6 address to its classical representation .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  accepts a utc time in iso 8601 format to be converted to a dictionary of microseconds form .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  scan for entity / machine report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  print package with the current line .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows you to define "weight" on tox platforms .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether a matrix exists .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  convert the name of a char-like to a directory path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to async version when question is enabled .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson decimal128 to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of the step in the step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  create a figure out of records for a file .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  gets used by field_storage human-friendly or et al .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries and return query matching the given query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  store this store store to write the specified parser store .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  build a list of parameters from a list of the parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the format of the list of strings .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get the datastore policy from the datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  get bio .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  unpack data from a matplotlib object which is a generator of a u data point .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensure that the line number is a elts .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture to enable the lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  create a com object that can fire the specified id to a python type .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that the certificate is valid and can be a pem format .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find the looks for a files in the s3 bucket for a given bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show the simplest word and the list of /proc/net/tcp .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an attribute in the looks up requested flow .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the users preferred time as a string with the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is called when an exception occurs .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a cron file to determine the users uid uid .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator for test functions .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterator over files and directories in the given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the ones to parse and sets the configuration variables to the filter .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a tensorflow widget containing multiple widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  generate a w2p application instance from a file in the background locations .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  patch information about a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the data .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  this returns a dict of violations or pep8 violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  converts a guards message to a string .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get all available extras required for access via the output .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable object and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a == b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs import correctly .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  run a bitmap image as a wx image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of unique documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  return the gpu memory usage and memory as a tuple .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the graphite events for a specific conf .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb database or list of objects that can be used for fasta/qual .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a given sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse texts from the appropriate fs connection .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a debugging page from the application log .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalize the text to html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a rabbitmq version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none is set to a python stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is enabled in the given mode .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with hidden text with an image at the top with the viewport with the viewport sampled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  read documentation text from hdf5 file and return as tuple .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add an timed exam to the user .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip quoted and quoted characters from a string .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove the directory for the given file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear transformation of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  add the jupyter notebook to the specified notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return the queryset of anonymous xblock names that the user is anonymous .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  imports the use of the latest code and generates a random code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix some quoted-printable modules .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  register every time as an event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist dir if one dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  return a new string spaced .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create the mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the path where wed is installed in site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit an author .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  assert are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  example action using the internationalization operator t and flash rendered by views/default/index .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the url path to a segments .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the prepopulated form and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the rate limit for all errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  return the color space conversion of an array .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  determine if the named kernel has a local set on the system .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  attempt to remount a platform or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the hash cipher encryption on plaintext key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the given url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  close and returns true if enough is unavailable .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify that overriding can be imported from new-style classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  simple command-line function for listing node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  get the heartbeat limit for a given device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register internal action types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  close the status message and check if it doesnt start with a consistent one .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a special extension .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  return true if the given value is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a set of pythons bytes to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove loops from the specified api key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shut down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  validates if the encoding is a valid encoding .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception that was a valid error .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag data from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  filelinks: provides a list of column names .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display all the feedforward that need to be escaped in the given site .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process and create a default group .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  pyramid image to be rendered by the layer .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  add initial queries to data .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has all but not specified .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of representation trees into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  compute the euler decomposition of a kapacitor polynomial object .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for all urls .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the list of geometryoutput .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename two files with side .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  tries to locate the version of the file in the constants .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise 400 httpbadrequest error if called not found .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a fixed column column with empty quoted column .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 case characters .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that }\n is a ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a list of python data python values and return a sorted list .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that are managed by the provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  converts the exception variables to its appropriate exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a left-justified featurelist to the given number .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  closes the maps requests on the specified alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  wrap a file of the nth library .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the given gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  generates a random column of the supplied value .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if the given version is installed .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove one or more files of the given root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves one or more mode to the request .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set a flag to the common code for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the openerp connection .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  get a path to the cola html documentation .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  a simple date between files and datetime .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  shorthand for an com error in which polling way .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which spans like __namespace__ .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create the compiler extension module .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the inet template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check if pep8 is idle .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security groups that are on the provider .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare additional interfaces implemented in a class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on the system .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  searches all searches values match the search results by the search values .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns random id or a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  returns true if the given string is a user-defined query string as a unicode string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns dict of non exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function for methods of a volume .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse cookies from content-disposition header and return response .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of display in the user layouts layouts .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  retrieves the user from the environment or backward dialog .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  create a continuous random integer .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the global mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership and a table of key .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  test a ast unicode string with ready for those rules .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  get the unicode text from the path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a file exists in the given directory .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look for a resource with wsdl namespace .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  ensure a string is returned for use in a url .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  saves a config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  finds one or more elements of the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  shortcut for quota that returns true .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  get the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  rehash a string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  expect the old style style file with staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require english project0 .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a simple graph of type submission .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  return a dictionary of params of the http response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the incoming function with statement or return the having argument can be converted to the optional attribute .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the normal transformation matrix .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  prompts a user for a field and prompts and return its errors .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  test that no data behaves like a template .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a list of tuples .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  the function for the import system with the given path .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  automagically a channel from a fixed dictionary .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a given template to a callable object .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes sample average .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  opens the evaluation of the file and creates the hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if media permissions are of the given media type .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create all tests from a given python modules .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all information in the prints id .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare source position of destination .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to parse the path .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run sphere filter .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  update a computenode record and set the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all banana entries from the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the named service is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of filenames for all the file descriptors in the given directory .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  set up the user-agent dictionary for needed by the rrrather function .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to an accept session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  view function to allow a new user to be recorded when a custom registration has been made by a new session .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  makes a call to the queued .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  calls setdefaulttimeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex to a list of integers .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  make await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the current step .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a new server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of api 2-tuple .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance for a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts the given model instance to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol used to fetch the metadata for a symbol .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove user from conference in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 index .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey to the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with the search text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a direct container container http swapping policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  get the name of the installer .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  returns the continuously line to look up the dirs in logging .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words used to count the words that are not equal to a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the hipchat module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  utility function that renders the given name for the given ids .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the specified cname record in the cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website information for mb .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves the xxdot by data .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  create a fake slicing for the given instance .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  verify that the specified path exists in the system .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object appended in a keys .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check that initializing .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  decorator to add a modifier event modifier set .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if the given function matches the given attribute lookup .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if we are handling hpi in the ipv4 file .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined error message .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the image to a series of palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "b" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse the extra data into dict .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert text with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add a pretty name to the type specified by the type rather than the type specified by the type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for the organisation module - all organisation are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the predicted likelihood estimator as the right distribution .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the system stream .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take tasks and return them as environment variables defined in low-level .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add new certificate private key path for site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  returns data for safe to be safely in json .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge multiple sorted dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host we get an s3 origin for the given host .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  elide elide characters .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  check that requirements to be converted to a package .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new shadow db object in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  updates the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get raw data .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  prompt for changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run the execution command and return its results .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  if the filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for the given trust .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting configuration for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  main control function .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return a list of minimum tmux by the minimum clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  a database version of the create a database .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a template into a dictionary of attributes .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  make a case where connecting is the appropriate group name .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  get the deployment_config_file deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the active template attribute of the current app .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  get the url string contained in url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse the natural response for operational out of the main .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create new task to copy .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a test suite that maps .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded hash .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate the old step and state and workflow errors by the provided step .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the structure representation of the backend .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make a gem trueret['changes'][name] .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing package from a package .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  utility function that takes a list of args and return a horizontal argument .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  returns the info of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert :mod:datetime array to a numpy array of _addmessagemethods() .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all instances .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  verifies that all generator exist in sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  checks if the backend is present and doesnt support the tests .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests to ensure that chaining together multiple types works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get a matplotlib list of all matplotlib backend specified in the system .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  context manager that ignores the keepass directory to that that was previously created .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file as a python file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  parses a file content and returns its contents .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  connect to the database; see if the function is not loading .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parse option and save it to a new option object .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print dimlist .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  delete a remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table item from doc .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function that initializes the function to call the function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format a file of padding padding .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global root site and add them to global models .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes a zmq curve and return the record with zmq to report_file .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plots the day of a frechet .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate declarator declarator symbol .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  return the leading and b of the two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  return the number of non-zero samples in x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  returns true if the permissions between the two descriptors and the targetadaptor .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  similar to a given field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns an elementtree message object .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  tests to see if a file can be used to wpa_get_handshake() .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes an item from the given :class:categorydescription for the given user .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content data from the response .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function prints how to identify a file .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  provides the unix context manager according to the string .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the comparison operator into its component parts and right .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get a boolean to indicate the value is equal to the same .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check for default parameters .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a date on the given date and returns the results via the given item .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculate the relative extrema gradient .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a list of all social links in the current footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a deferred that adds a new product to the given store id .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and unset values are calculated .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column filter groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  md5 hash of the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs the given example in the __main__ .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  sibling reduction to libvirt libvirt .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  utility to return a list of currency names for the specified currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the current figure .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call a function to return a list of keyword arguments and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  single state in a tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  utility to obtain control from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  use the status of objects to return a valid plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module of the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem reader to another single filesystem .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  set the icondata for the window .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts a snapshot of block lists into a new one .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create user list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  creates a sql statements wrap the given logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  return the normal 1d usage information criterion .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate a portname file path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively processes a inner pair of lists .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single pattern .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find all locations locations and expands them to versions .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name from the given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute lc and a monic polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list {}' for a group .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract data with a model populated at each row .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return list of common that return the common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles for a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  break tuple to functions .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the document for a given object .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a trophytype subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe with a given document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set and retrieve a kivy function .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the param info .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  view returning all of the json data and returns the url as json .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  get a compiler object for the given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  n319 runner .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named container name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document to read the specified number of tasks .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  make a series expansion of the series expansion of the series expansion .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a single test method .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the value corresponding to the current database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the module completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts any other value from the auth of an http auth header .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  attempt to determine if any currently running on the system .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare all others with the same name .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  helper to start a tcp interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a request for an audio request .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add datastream from f with zero terms .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  destroy the multiprocessing data that will be automatically applied to this minion .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the lamp .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the vertical node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return revision changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator that records a method .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  replace all occurrences of string with a series/index pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download data from a url to an http request .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual env at the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the list of supported files to which a user has been received .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  load all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets the state of a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a new task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  returns a rectangle that emits 1-d distance between 2 and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from a filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output def .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load parameters of the specified spec file .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  test if a name matches a tuple of matching name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  get the full message key with the appropriate parameters .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get the resolver for the specified resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  make sure a single bundle is single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime object validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the number of individual header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  get all parameters that are common to a set of parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for each event lxc .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  writes data to the xml tree .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  set a hook for the specified value .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an in-process api handler for the given url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for rho tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  it computes the mean squared metric .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a course_key return true if a course has been cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique arrays arrays .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  returns a url to send all default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether return true when all sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  show config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect all master hosts from master and click it to the user .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  registers a flag whose value can be a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  returns the rtu value for a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift version .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate a list of contents of pick pick in reverse time zone .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a string for use in html .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns the items from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a hash of the hash algorithm of the given salt with the given name .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  list all detail for an api service .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  extract the common declaration from a string .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  extract element from a placeholder .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively set the iterator of an iterator by processed .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  gets a free disk for the given bytes .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the ae token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge greater than list .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class for the given name .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  opens and return errors in a script .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale a bem scale .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the user exists .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  check a key of *domains string available on the system and returns a dictionary of information about the domain_name domain_name .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the object and return it .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  use the classes passed as a class decorator to support a class name .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g on a collection of nodes .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json generated queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides the context of the page to explicitly add the current page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information about a flavor of a flavor .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns a human-readable string representation of the bipartite frame .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  remove a string from a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems with layman installed .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  takes a string and pads it to a maximum of its length chars .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  given a wanpppconnection exception .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the requested service .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  helper function to generate number of times and/or reference to a single integer .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios if a feature has more than one .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a list of authentication token .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns a list of the names of the given language .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  concatenate matrices by column into a matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length and pregnancy length for hists plots .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test the layer method with mlp .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this sends an arbitrary context manager for the stdin context manager .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an existing root .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will create the current init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a list of pending reboot checks to use .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a multipart structure for debugging output .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  strip experimental .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test transformations function by default .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test that presence or absence of an editable url with a correct library .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  internal routine to build a series of spans .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  return testapp parsed datetime object from collects .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up resoruces in use .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  computes polynomial series of degree factors .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as list .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker flocker flocker process for a cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  replace all pairs in the input data with a shared column .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a subset of lists .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  replace the path and do-nothing its contents .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  this is the user add to the main page .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore all of the ccx to a ccx to a previous operator .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow the last line of the last line numbers this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  return true if the given variable is a shared shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the supplied sgemv should be imported .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled scaled code .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  resets the database to a start and restore it .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to create a typing that looks like a typing .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask for menu with menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  tell the datastore stub to process the datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  return a list of the trees in the specified interval .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the users page to the user and log the current text format .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  test that the temporary path is initialized by the expected column .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an xml file into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject globally into source file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set break-point command line parameters .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  manage the requested query parameter .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that an exception is raised when the api is created .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  pull out point-wise slices from making sure rid is a list of lines .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  the pricing module should always be single .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string n standard deviation into a message .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission that every log of the last element of a postfix .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test remove_from_figure using direction .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  grant access to the filter .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  extract all containers in the deployment tree .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  label params .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function creates a new web application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  returns a string for printing the given pad .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  transform a string argument to a python expression .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear the minion to remove any of the files in the minion .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  convenience function for opening a deprecated summary .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for the disk image .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return the name of the indicated function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and b which correspond to a numeric array v and b .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a function that raises a lot of the decorated function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a component signal to be written by disk with a clean signal .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  parses the summary of a article to its article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing a test repository .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the requested shift type .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  removed the specified doc .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a generator for ros-legal target .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  decorate a function to be called via celery .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  context manager which expects the current buffer bounded by the buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change process and group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a numeric boolean to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the current optimized .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds the given search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string encoded with the given number arguments: - use for encoding to decode a single string .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the cached environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the course position for the specified course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list of all karma titles .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a specific role policy for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  if a newer release is available .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  return a list of os x tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  return the certificate in the ca certs file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a string with the given data .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator of all possible elements of n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test the tagged configuration from trapped ends with the expected tree .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a previously registered fieldset request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the current database mode .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all modules and retrieve a lexer to it .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the command line options and return the appropriate options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  create the attributes for a new server .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 key .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask for a question to happen .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer as a integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a datetime object .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  decorator to convert func to a time zone by a precision .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  return a weak weak from keyword arguments when it exists .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref this dbref for a given dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  expect a list of tuples .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test whether theano function is passed to the tensor .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  run module routine that would allow modules to be supported by the python module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a single vector where the input vector is its "multiple" .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate a chain of single statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator that caches the decorated function for a method of a method .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest version of the named image .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger and trigger the site event .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor form to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save and save a given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy rscript with basic sandbox .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  send a message to a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username authenticate and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return last metadata defined for a specified repository from the database .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly get unicode string from s3 .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  verifies that the command contains the specified pass .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a string from an in/out buffer .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column for column that the specified column .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get payroll testing for given year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  helper method for graceful fields from the openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named result .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for the filename of a pre-release version below one containing the following version number which has been set .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  return the function call with the given function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  test the inverse of the polynomial completes .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns the contents of a given ip address or none if there is a global remote string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  view to return the access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the managed index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select and return a list of paths if all paths in the given paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a remote timezone as a string .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  a helper to connect to a new client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the l2 l2 norm of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  validate if the ipv4 address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the current tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator that makes sure the decorated function is not available .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  return a key which will be take in the registry according to the specified languages .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  function to cut function that go to a tree .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load load log coordinates .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return the expected dict of the arguments passed to the class .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue for the queue in the queue for the queue quantity .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  load a result .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate an arguments and a function .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing a local non-editable from a local package with symlinks .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function for searching for the gpg or compiled gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  call a single function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  check if files in the given directory have changed .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  serializes an object to the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  compare energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert the values of any object to their original form .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a tuple containing the minimum functions by iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  extract only the items in api that have a dictionary .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers a registration pair from a named named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  return a class takes a list of methods and return a collection class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  should be called by the custom config .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove the last modified manager that is created correctly do not yet always do not yet the cross-entropy method .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a vm exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  this function is a valid unified authentication for a realm .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of valid errors that indicate that the minion is in .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  creates a temp file that will be deleted by removing the given file name .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  get the current timezone needs to be a running system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  sets the data for the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that a list exists .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  escape a search for the given column .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns project object based on project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  get an in-memory migration that the window is going to the dest .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge multiple sorted keys into a single mapping .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  construct a tuple for inserts exceptions .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  get a datetime .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  delivers the given object to the given number of generic parsedtemplate .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes the increasing sticks _make_increasing_ohlc() function that go to _make_decreasing_ohlc the increasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return full version number from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set a win32/win64 api window handle where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return path to the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth variance of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse an http string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the reduced filter in reverse of the bipartite network .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  show info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  after splitting version string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam to make sure all least squares are set .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  test for solving of and reuse properly like a normal reuse .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  extract all setter methods from the given instance .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a complex path from a vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the string is a expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from the class which represents a string representation of the specified class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  make the dns query for all our api available .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a p to a media .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  lists all python source files in the given directory .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  view a form pertinent of a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host entry .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test installing a url to url .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  build an dry email from the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  the secret command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load scores of a .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  makes contextwin page = current allocation signatures .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the given path .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of uploading function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  print list of commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  use name to use a package version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  takes 3 images inside the current device .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and course_id .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single locked forum in locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  normalise a document to open the given document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate all qos specs from specific qos type .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the path to the top-level aggregate .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is used to return file that would be passed to filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url from the beginning of the given function .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven this plugin allows you configure a build step that will execute the jenkins hide when the jenkins hide too jenkins hide hide .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom view for channel .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores an existing plugin configuration from the provided config .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  expression : expression if it is a part of a expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return an ascii-only representation of s .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test that text have duplicated successfully .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that x is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  test if an object is a non sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  initializer : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify a time interval to an array of arc .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine whether the given handler is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of boxcox strings .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds the numa requests to the numa requests .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests that all of the samples match the folder with the same name .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  it is not executed correctly .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  see datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates the host mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to return the ones preferred header from the specified language .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements given a == b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper method to create a url for logging .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  just check if the flow has a tree in its information .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a convenience function to wrap the last_login event .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify knn from a given knn .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  computes the square root of energy continuous circle .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore ext2 table names from db .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  get list of font files for a given list of a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark with a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  initialized histogram summary .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a table__0__key encoded reference into a numpy reference object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the given trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  reads the version .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the list is a single list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default values for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  ensure correct option is available .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  url - remove the python 2 .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip helpful route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get revision id from git .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  hierarchical tar to the beginning of the 47-character .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator that catches/ignores exceptions by a function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a string that is visible when update update update .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute the c*x**i of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the configuration directory path .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains the specified line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  filter an array of data and cycle .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return a list of pairs representing a vowel of w .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of the csv database body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the contact .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dummy method for dependence video uploads .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  split a leaf polynomial at a normal form in gf(p)[x] .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  raise sending email to user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  create a nose to override an action function for the given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return the traffic server configuration file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to extract value from tool .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  encode the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  return a list of path from sys .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove one or more python source files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  print out a list of css instances and acl .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of example workflows .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  determines the description of a structure structure which can be used by a python structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the number of 0 0 .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm this plugin allows rvm to be started for the build pages and started them afterwards class .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  get the surface of a project that are pushed to a different nvidia .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  remove one or more vms test from the cloud profile .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  subscribe a new mailchimp list to each article/page .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if a given image path is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start watching a locale for revisions for this logged-in request .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  the get_image .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get instructortask for a given instructortask entry in the given instructortask object .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  method for the given user preference .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config file to the top-level config .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  multiplies two matrices element-wise .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for regular expression .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  take a box string and converts it to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  given two toc .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  split the source files into status of the list of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  builds a trial client for tests that need to be created when a collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the uri for the given uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a connected component of the graph g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates in the given set of filenames .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if relexpr then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  recursively convert a list of dicts to a key/value .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  function that measures the loss loss as a tuple or more iterations .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the longitude longitude of the earths orbit to this machine .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get the logger for the given process .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue to the queue in the db .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  get an interval of :class:i18n from the current interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  calculates the circular mean along the specified axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator for budget_staff that methods with the same arguments as the result to run .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph of nodes in a turan .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with given filename and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials to new data location .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  return true if any of the marketing marketing in the list seems .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the current description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint for the input object .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get hourly used to compute the "generate of a self-serve download .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major label dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  there are to trade .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running on the computenode .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi by the new topic .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  this function is deprecated with a philips philips and keyword arguments to raise a message exception if the error is not already one .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  convert an html attribute string to text .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify nikola with banned slugify .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  retrieves and return the url to the device .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  run the given gui and return its results .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  open the supplied window using the expected window .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign rating to the dynamic instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression directly from radians .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the directories exist and is raised when he calls the user .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the current operating path for a known-existing path: .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  count a common words separated by count of a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  remove a group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods that leave a bench call .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  finds the url that contains the courseware with the given id .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert between 0 and 7; indicating which is 0 to a lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a list of all available resolvers that are available for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory directory named directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a given service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number of the way from the tb line .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return a list of environment variables defined in the python environment .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to return a new sphere object .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a certin list of hosts and port .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its results .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return from list of seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  removes link to a link .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a single random asset key .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest tag of the git tag to which the latest tags are in the list of doc date .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  removes the cached app for the specified application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command must be passed to the shell .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  search a list of elements .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve the given args to a class instance .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only for macos with solaris specific name .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  converts a fontsize length to a unit .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  a decorator that allows the decorated functions to be used as an application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to cli example: .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from xml string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  utility function to check whether it is higher this function .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  verifies the action of the current action .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator that adds a new property to an existing class .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the probable code for the specified input .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add to the menu path dictionary .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns the number of objects with the given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  read the contents of a polynomial by olsresiduals .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  retrieves the application key .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create eeg average socket for a source space .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  rotate a polygon in the given 1d cycle .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine dns .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given python source file by an equivalent key .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  return a list of dictionaries of properties from epsilon to the given state by state by the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  since urlencoded data in xml format .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  gets an api query object for the requested date .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an instance of the payment and a dictionary .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the size of the entity to be rendered .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  infer a simple warning on the given version of contiguous layout .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop command cibfile use with the name of the pcs containing the cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  task that creates a user has exited processed for the email with the given email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a 405 method that looks like __namespace__ signal handler .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the base directory path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information on configured account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  create a host object for the route53 none .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  return the opts data .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  for each file header into normalized .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  query up to check if the user is installed .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  and it does upgrade if there is an upgrade package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert fs path to system path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  parses an i18n language code to a valid url .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  print all commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  determines whether text is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  convert the modules specification to octal .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate the review sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the channels class for a class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  set an http response to set the device .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the mangled name of the pgraster .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the given property or regular expression seqs .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all the vertex representation to json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  test some code of the master .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  creates the path of all modules in the given list of files .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips by ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  take a list of lists and grab lists of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that have been met by targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a string to be removed or a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns true if user has wiki been staff access to the course access .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file or directory to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return last metadata as a defined repository for the received repository metadata and changeset revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an instance of the element with the given content type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all instance faults for instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  function to check if the list of prime maps to the cache .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a oauth message into a decorator .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the encoding encoding .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask model by a dask model see also dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  find the cumulative distribution of a sequence of linear cumulative distribution parameters cdf : array_like .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of valid image names for the lines of friends .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  retrieves single string for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child revisions .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  check two strings and return true if all sub-directories are identical .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the nvp status of the logical port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is after the way needed .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler for asynchronous requests .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  return true if given args is a valid subset of func arguments .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new stage api key : true} if the api key exists .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any alternative pairs to a dictionary where the event has the same content as the disjunctive object to disk .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  helper function to get the message and message from the message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  function enforces non-null webhook functions .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  find element with first item in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if a given data has a query that returns data in the case .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  return tuple for a xblock xblock .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to windows systems with windows platforms .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado ioloop or raise if it doesnt already exists .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  set a simple function and return a tuple of arguments .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return information about the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: deprecate_module_with_proxy(__name__ .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides whether g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns decodes and sequences from hdf5 format .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install the epoll() package packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  converts an instance to a dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn polynomials of fn polynomials into k[x] .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return the task object as a string .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the transifex dashboard activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces tetragrid with respect to a local image .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the format from the topology .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and return the id of the current year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns first element of the input array .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  see if a rule has no effect .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  remove the key/value pair of a boolean indentation .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes as the location as the location of the revision .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check whether the given locale is the appropriate key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  build a library command from the gpg driver .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query for a given term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie out of a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  create the string containing the parsed command line options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  given a course name .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  queue to file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature lines of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota system off cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a property from the given zone name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get the inset path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current application to use .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  prepend a string or compiled strings into a target list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  save an affine image by a new image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to delete an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to temporarily create a zip file that is available as a zip zip file context manager to be tested .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity from a compute sample osx .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get all python tests .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  helper function to check if a string exists in the proper property .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean dot product of the vectors u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a string containing a list of english ids .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  returns the indices of the object .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  delete a set of oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get information about the flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a system descriptor for the specified descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two jaccard sample .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an authentication url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the supplied value is invalid and can be filled out at least one of the degree content is a 0 .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send notification from a email from a pull from a pull email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if we are running in a particular region .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  return a dictionary of the lock-file text .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wildcards compatible dict for some disemvowels samples .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise a saltinvocationerror if it has an unknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  returns true if the object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  expected line n .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to memory .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update the agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct method object for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return values when debugger is passed .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize custom application via main .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  iterator for the pull request .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates the url for an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  parse short group names and validate database group .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  sets the test unless a random attribute is used .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a human-readable string for a users user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  given the format .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture that simulates a headerchecker class .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  send notification for the given doc to one or more email .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  traverse a list of all traverse tree in this module .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the docstring of a certain object with a new one that is called by an existing mongo .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a random cache with random @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate a new coolmagicapplication instance from the ssl subdir to the same way as the ssl file .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  return the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image to input .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write out the data to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  get information about the app_label notification calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for asserttrue/false .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto filename .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  expands the output of a sequence with lots and zeros .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges multiple errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a near matrix that is a correlation matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind the row and queue for a given row .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the indices of the first position in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the testing data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  check that the given score is valid and can be between the value to be effectively .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  test the win of a displayed .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  change negative mean average to the mean of the distribution .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the natural logarithm of the sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return more info for a given site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function to make a "value" specification .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert the contents of a binary .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  fetches torrent and returns the torrent seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of database names from the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  returns a list of items to a list of their items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() image and installs the current machine .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the authentication classes that should be considered to the given page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  context manager that ignores all of the specified profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies the tuple to an index .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  return a short platform for a relative path .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a filesystem instance for a device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set basic auth and setup authentication .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge the extra arguments into a list of dicts .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check that the arguments are deprecated .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover the modules specified in the config file .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorator for tests that require functional hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the comment header of the given parameters .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the qutebrowser process with a given quitting .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  get a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two values .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line and return a options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add an ssh public key to an existing public keys .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  create a symbolic link from one file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  output the users gradebook page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode the file with one or more source .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  calculate the actual offset for a drange of the drange .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  send a file with this filename exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a full absolute path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a unicode string of the given value .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  give returns an instance of a port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns a formatting as currency according to locale .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named dns record is absent name the name of the state definition user to remove user the volume group name of the volume to remove user to
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate the right side .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  called when the users password matches the specified user .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: @unsafe def delete: pass .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the datetime in the certificate name of the certificate to assign the certificate to .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  calculates the hermite interpolation to freedman .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms manager for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a overlapping data from a dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dict with keys specified as contact attributes and their objects as dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  return the first available area of the given list of rectangles into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an image from a file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return a list of version info .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  check that our sending back to the python .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if actver is greater than or equal to the versions of the versions .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert an registry keys and values to a constant value .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print out the data passed into a datetime object .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  revert polynomials into revert in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the content of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  verify the classes passed in .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a function to the class or method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the __init__ id of the most recent commit based on init .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name from a catalog object .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  convenience function to create a new func for use with the same arguments .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix for a given cluster parameters group : array .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to a email or access to the whole backend .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller for hr types .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a warning string to execution .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of all saved users in this string .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist local spotify spotify -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk a vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a list of files which have been tracked by the given files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  create a property that makes a set of attributes .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  helper to send an push to the provided update the update tree .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg into a string request context .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given course and user .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns the local port of a specific port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  match a document to get the search url .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  if return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if the filename matches the given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single solc arguments .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  invert a inverts of the form flipped .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder can be used with ~ in a module .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the names of all roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  find a user id and return the group id if the uid has been defined .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be made of an separate interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  prepopulates non-tuple tasks for some apps .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a python signature specification specification to display it with a series of extract_barcodes .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to the appropriate script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill the notebook function to the specified notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics over normalization .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  this is a decorator that checks the coordinate function and returns a 64-bit .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  set tag to the number of the local version .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the path for the file in the model p .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates the datastore views on the specified resource .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  create a list of indexes for which a configuration indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the request was associated with the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list of arrays to a numpy object .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes for mixin .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  check if string value is a valid eia .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for handling record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform the base returns the given expression .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  return a indecies with elements of d .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  a view that returns an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python source arguments to python 3 .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all log handlers according to database .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parameter to handle the given schema .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure add_positions works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant soname .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when adding many utils .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a coefficient matrix to create a spacing matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return path to the directories listed in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  extract src="/files/" and methods from them .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  *keys* function for a given upload segments of the arguments .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return true if the given url refers to the scripts .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns the security declaration as a valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a test if the command passed is true .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the fiducials for recursive issue data .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in it .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return minors letters representation of s using os_gstrans .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  commits a transaction and resets the current transaction .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image data to a binary image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  set a cache key and time value for the cache storage .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  double-decode required .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  convert a digest date to a string for use in creating a ros-legal date date .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  creates the pid of the process instance .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of {field_index: } .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is available for the given volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  api counts for building counts counts the specified issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates the number of bits required to inputspace a e .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return a list of native instances for all the given replacing valid query .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a tree representation of the given tuple as a nested graph .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  load arguments and return the stdout .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer is returned .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  create the kill directory .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy data from files .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  temporarily changes the input to stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all instance of all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  always return the actions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the unicode representation of a url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  gets all build for the specified instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg is available .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros section of a cdt settings export file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from a fixed and returns a tuple like mydict: .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  creates a 2d list of rows for each column .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  a calltree method to assign a function to a file system metadata .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a count of benchmarks .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  hide the queue to be the main thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery celery attachment .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the epochs to show up to the root count .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate an input file descriptor by name .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  raise systemexit if the matrix *name* with true .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with keys specified as keys .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds guide to the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  division the given optimizer as an integer .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of column names for the current column .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until all jquery variable has completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the additional length of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict like dict_to into a new dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  helper to get rid string .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send an email to a new email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that status_code cannot be tested .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value that contains a positive integer or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  helper to warn if microversion is not in missing header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  given a line from a nearest distribution .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by resource_id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  numpy version of list_identities .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  return an instance of the specified excview .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  creates a w2p package for tests thrown .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find if enough rendered rendered rendered .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  extracts the ipv6 address from an entity .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that provides a blob of encryption tests .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a shell server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns whether the specified path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the check_list .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  performs an encrypted bigfile encryption on the message .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  like babel .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns the converts list of cron statements for a cron list .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add beveled from a loop which has completed rights .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return after trimming distribution from one end of the passed array distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the default kwargs .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator that allows a method name to call another property .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  redirect to the http redirect string .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a custom 404 handler but with a custom error handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  fetches the replacement for a urlnode .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session session from the file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  fetches a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  discover mounted file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns whether the directory containing a given source file .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  avoid the most common records in the zone to the specified zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses iso 8601 build .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return a cloud configuration for the given cloud instance .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verifies that the verification content exists .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  this is a mainly mainly for the data at x .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test passes when logging a qt_log_ignore message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a parameter value from the given docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  return true if string can be serialized as an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a git matrix to a matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  creates twitter dance dance and open a request and open oauth token and secret .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  casts any given date into a datetime .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  return a web server .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  import a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use of pythons corpus to print "+" .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  render an absolute url matching arguments for the given context .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove invalid tags from the users store tags .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns the directory component of a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str return a list of tab characters .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  call signature:: content from a dict .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a runner for async application instance from async version .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get cached conditions for given name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create the simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  wraps path with an absolute path .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  plot the latest histogram of each distinct trace .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check the string to errors the exception was saved by errors .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  converts the given url to a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  convert a certificate pointer to a pointer .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix every time a matrix of key .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a queryset of fan if each object has the fan defined in this .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a string class for the given attribute .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  enter a python expression if it is a good expression .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  maps the binary data of the specified file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this walks takes the string as a new instance that has the same attributes .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs all .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create a special stonith astropyloader astropyloader the stonith resource containing the cib for an array of stonith .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the source results from a figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a single load and train it on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset with the given load and the resulting configuration .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces in the table with a trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  ensure event is in the last event bus .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for the given sess .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  helper function to check if the debug is present in the minion datastore .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the user is access to the course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that strong count implemented by the requested branches .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  return a dict with the data from the minion argument passed into the function *args and kwargs as output .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the mask to debug is being always check .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a custom class with the given roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep only desired ids .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load data for a frontend file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate given file .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  change api version string to this bit .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  returns a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the installed version of dist_name avoiding pkg_resources .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that line numbers with an error is raised .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  configure the ['ipmi on the local node .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  returns the bracket hash that every time in a multivariate .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  bs4 the bs4 name .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  return a list of execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the application id from the main thread .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  return augeas source code for each token in source .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  context manager to create a value or attribute .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check if the libcloud functions have the libcloud module .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  list the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs dictionary correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the element is a list of element and should be ignored .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting bytes into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies that get_readable_fileobj key-value occurances incits .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the sha1>: directory .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  looks up recursively for a drum_group instrument in a track .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decodes string to base64 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list exists and returns true if all lists have been verified .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return current ceph version cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a module name .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  iterates over the user that a given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a list of all the localizer language :returns: a text object .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge the given value into the given destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts a decimal components to a decimal array of colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if we can import a module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a command in a given shell .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  import the on-disk element .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  makes sure only one function is valid .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  turn on messages and merge the current thread .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  gets the support matching the specified path from the list of gzip .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with table designed for col header and test having position before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  raises a .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a specified template file .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks an integer is a valid integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a proxy for the gaussian mean of the model .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all installed attributes and update them from a node2 .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  get the data portion of a json token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a supplied address to logger .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register beautifulsoup .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  prompts the user for authorization api servers .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shut down the local node and write the column-ordered .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes the given html .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through a format that format is m2crypto .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a compatible representation of the given source .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a nice is invoked with a given structure .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the notification is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  creates temp directory for the specified trashcan .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of block numbers with a block class .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy data from files to the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the cpunish data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a dictionary from the configuration for ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  records that all editable hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  initialize the inter-mapper relationships of the systems .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert raw .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get a repository_review field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  get the list of available sizes cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a list of triples triples .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to decorate tests which receive in the decorated method .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  get keyring dns keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  evaluates a single document .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  sets the post db .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle toggle when a widget is enabled .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator that adds the minimum monit to the transaction manager .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  converts help formats a help entry to a help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  for id of miscs .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  return a dict that maps resource name to the service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  retrieves a video file from the given url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  copies entries from the provided arr to the list of entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : file_input newline | file_input stmt | newline | stmt .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add ground of f at a multivariate polynomial .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  some lines of a text file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  formats a status update the a formatted status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts query signature and return the contents of the given service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a new condition that wraps a gaussian model .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper method for methods that accept the given arguments .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  a convenience function to wrap the result of the database .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags from the given module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  loads a dictionary representation of a graph object .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert ipv6 address to packed data .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  test that delimiter works with those input string .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a*[x slash into numpy arrays .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unpickles a string like foo/bar .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any options that was loaded with a particular task .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  produce a consistent chart using donut <bokeh .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real to real and merge it .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  print the right mean of expected mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named user from the your locally .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path has a single symlink .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unicode hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick by data .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  selects a new addition used to add a new addition controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the monitordir key for the specified job id .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  consumer to generate a new backoff cli example: .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  display information about the zoneinfo rows .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the current portaudio version .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies arent met .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator of functions of all of a function with a given set of lists .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager to temporarily protect preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a string identifying a source object .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generate random involutions .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  wrapper for image_resize_image .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  load virtual memory as a module .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  autostartup module loader .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that the given token name is not a valid url .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the removes contacts .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from the lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use processes and netmiko to connect to pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a qos to a json-encodes .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  assert that the path of the deb are the directory and assign ones .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  makes the task ids .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  testing the rate of a dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the current time zone time :return: the current time time time time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a single index file from a git repository .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a specific firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  the ais function/class .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new repo .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the fetch of an http request url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  create a sparse matrix from a sparse matrix .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return whether we can show the given context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the bokeh font file .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  return a fully-qualified package path to the absolute path of the fully-qualified module .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  this function calculates the layer specified as the version of the context .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return a signal handler for standard events .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of cookiecutter to stderr .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load given plugin from file path .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a volume to the container name the server to be shut .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  generates a new usercontributionsmodel with given calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for tests .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot in a specified snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  return the unicode item in a python file .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of nodes by choosing maximum graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image by a dict of values v .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the namespace from the local usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns true if the specified number is a string name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler compiler dict to the compiler **compiler method .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user to provide the mapping data for a given mapping .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  retrieve atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  return the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  generate nodes by the given statement on the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the stable binary data .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  append excludes data to the snapshot of f at the beginning of a function .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse the lowest limits of a list by inserting a list or between plot_bad_images and n elements .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  turn a branching rule into an expression of its branching .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  create an index for a evennia .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  count the maximum number of strings that can be directly to the given user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  read a record which is a file .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  return the language-code thats listed in supported settings .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  converts a configuration file to a backend .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the objective function for a given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  helper method for the above tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  gets the preferred channels .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture providing a mock and make a mocked node .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the provided revision changeset rev changeset revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  make the same api virtual machine .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log likelihood of the bayesian likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  filter an instance of the instance and dis .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile a string or .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts qkeyevent since the json response into a entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  get the gpu? | expr_stmt .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a controlller .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message indicating that the application will be sent .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the table of the given width and run its layers .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return an array of arrays a and b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  compute the integer required to two integer plugins .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a thrift header object from the given header .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  display a list of callbacks .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes partial autocorrelations of probability in this_round_fp .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  sets the same name and custom cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return true if the algorithm is a random number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called to return the plots as a script in the registry .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  replacement for recurrence .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr and exit .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parses a character in a sequence .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a sequence of bytes to a sequence of ascii character with the same items .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  dump message and fail .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dict with the specified options .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  take a value from a list of tuple and return its ints .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the country code is active from the country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a file down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  create a list of events to send a resources .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all unlock .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  this method prints the given string to tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  sets the global registry registry entry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check that port is available .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with a ecdf .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add build arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if env names need to be escaped at the end of the given high and lists .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple app engine to display the server manager __str__ : url the
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  individual a message from the catalog service .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  get file with a given path and return absolute items .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  cleanup the connections of this function modifying the coordinate signal from the connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show the user missing page specific to the user .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  create a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x sums to facilitate 1d array of a degree along the ground group .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of *figure* .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the directory is a valid path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter filterform based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate all corner measure matching the given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  return a block that can be used to handle the specified object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns umc module object prepared to use for tasks .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download an array of results to a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to timing a function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the contents of the given file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tries to convert dynamic line to string .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read application diff in the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine zero or more given mappings .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a function with a self that call self .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect signal from sender to latest signal handlers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  calculate the series for a given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return true if the deprecation function is not a deprecated function .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list matching hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  an --> version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  full site list of active revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  group groups into lists of size groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the remaining remaining data hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list the arguments for input .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user revisions as ban .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dictionary product of the filenames corresponding to the given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  write all applicable applicable in the given radians .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a phyloxml file and return a module .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a list of matching users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print the error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  install a network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an initial random samples from a random distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  produce a url for a bokeh endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert a fraction elements to a decimal point number .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  dump message into log file .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the largest first largest first largest degree of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation api for the given page .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  return the datastore datastore dict for the given resource .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a certain authentication is running .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  parses time like 1h 10s .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that is designed to be called with custom auth views that are required because of the resource is designed to be displayed .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  split a path using include directories in the form .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper for worker worker .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into an album design .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert a string argument to a list .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  if the linux command is a bind .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sigmoid activation function :math:varphi(x) = frac{1}{1 + e^{-x}} parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  old name for the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a bundle name to a standard timestamp .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic auth from header .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that grammar methods in bad cases .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is importable .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the api to the users home directory .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates cyclic data for the certain number of characters as a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  view for cosine-type grid exchange .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parses language source code .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a dict of xml attributes to add a datastream pair for the specified xml element .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  true if a matrix convert a text-mode to a cholesky matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential potential permanence and its dest matrix to a set of matrix .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds new kernel to the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping command to determine which hosts are up promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the first text in the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  transparency test specific endpoint to skip tests .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  get the list of keys and the key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  one tag of the string s to one of the path .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around resized .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup and return the python module .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  like cpaste .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data in a sequence .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create a low-level response with a audio button .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  builds a wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that upon sanity check forms .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the processing of a sample .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  reads previous files and returns a list of tuples .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts unicode to heat .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate the markov and return the commit id .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper around execute() .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc loss algorithm to each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list available keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  return the argument specification of an argument list .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return information about the active result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the swap disk to use in the linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  set convert .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show information on the volume .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  returns all folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response body with proper given 16 body .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy array to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition exists .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  return the salt_interface type of the rings .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  call expected /a/c/f .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to protect flasks special methods .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encode a password according to the private key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp history for the given interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document and check the optional document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a new data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom custom custom model class to custom model class .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face attribute dictionary and add the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  a cached token that contains the beginning of a test function .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a test model instance that can be used to compress the given model .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining this plugin introduces a game where users have been configured .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a binary string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : minus expr %prec uminus .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value of the value - useful for each given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove multiple records in an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  cartesian product of matrices along the specified shape and reshape matrices .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the resolved code for a given word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  convert an gid string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets the "needs rollback name for the given data .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  given an entity type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute virtual representation using interpolated fields .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  generate circle gradient with coordinates .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a pep representation of the given nodes in the graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  a simple replacement for the url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  parses an openid response to an openid response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads an existing json so that it is stored in the minion .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find longest longest longest and return it .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the contact that first initial user is currently active .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  lookup a list of notifications elements by name .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used for those those frames used for those those magic .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts an image to a current image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable the docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the given url is an ssh ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test a font listing .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template path .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  puts the uri from the uri query s3 .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  make sure that the unicode bug has been defined .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the information on the container .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that the column of a pandas table with basic fields .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url string for an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  test that a previously added user has an admin week .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  distance between [lat and [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  get perms for permission class with given app .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transforms the given property into the form .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap a variable with a mocked creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  determines if the user can delete the user can delete this review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  takes a url and returns true if the url can connect to it .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  retrieve the number of workers .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom view returning a year if the year is true .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates a exits to a a a new room .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th bit from a number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove generated files .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string representing the current uuid in the specified format .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  parses a message to the form of a header .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return the firewall rules for the named vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  clear out the current networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get get magnitude from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the b-spline b-spline of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  load the image metadata from pil image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove latex .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  return an album field for the given album .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  release media instance with this function should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of file names from path .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get all processes running pids of the distribution .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all enabled services .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test whether two ndarrays reference the same result of pytables and pickling .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  adds any of the given unit units to the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  check a 405 exception handler .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  pass in a configuration value into the users uploads .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  compute the matrix difference between length and b .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test source sign of label with label create and sign of label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the list of related entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to an existing postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets the about the about the requested about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given index has a last .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the map of when this gc is needed .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  returns an array of rendering data on a device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  create a custom code block from a different string .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get a template for source file with a given name .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  liberally convert a url to a string of the given absolute path .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle images images .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  call the given function inside a subprocess and return the results in a function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete the keys and updates the result .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of http/2 cryptographic-friendly .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  creates a new action instance that is either threaded .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  control --> event .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  list all objects defined in a dict:: .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all entities of a given field .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  applies hooks for given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns path to te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  only load if the named service is about the one .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  use this to override a class to avoid extra steps in the class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  opens a file in the repository .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of resource pools .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter those items in the list and remove those parts .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  load a single imdb proposals in a given net .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  custom build .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  runs the given command from the given data command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a node to the queue .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  helper function to compare two keys with a sub-definitions attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  this function serves an arbitrary mime type to a specific response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  check an l{banana where connecting is invalid .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key with a file .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the given iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  return the data is a float .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform a dictionary of the values lowercase .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  converts a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that specifies the user to restricted a method that the request has locked .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 checksum of a dict .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score below the arrays of x and return a guessed .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary string into an int .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run a command specified by the passed positional arguments .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the insteon sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end of a package containing a given set of lines .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  affine norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  same as disabled .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create tp and tp10x instances with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  use this function to exclude the numbered all symbols on the class .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  compute labeled polynomial g from f and g .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the equivalent of the given graph .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create and return data .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list with all dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value to be unheld .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  assign data to remote server .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a dsc username to the specified username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos in the repository .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces and destination statistics .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip lines of text from a given string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent list of exercises the specified user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email to the initiator of a failed bulk exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  patched version of os .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the test build build build / pdp from the ui .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string to a safe expression .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get all devices defined in the database :return: a list of devices and try to extract the devices processor :rtype: str .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  turn the ldd expression into a list of space and return the output .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to ssl certificate .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  walk a list of paths and make any new directories .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | file_input > .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  check whether the user is allowed to do not have been verified in the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that method name passed in the type passed in .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  for netscape files .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  return a dict of grains matching the specified signature .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns first item in seq sorted by predicate .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a django help to the django manager .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads config file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  decorator: always returns a function to create if a test .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup a cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  sets the file with the given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator which causes a function or method to be used for pyopenssl .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  verifies that the command line format only contains the specified log columns .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  return standard output .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  this function is designed for display the command line application .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check to see if a given url exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports from a list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  detect any file descriptors that contains no segfault .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  parse a string s to a list of .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs python script in a saltenv .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  enhanced sympy expression to handle lists of union .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert an rfc822 date string to a time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension of a string .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a flow of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  generate all the enumerate cliques of a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously in a transaction .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the datapath application that contains the specified dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a list of access attributes for the given path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split a list of probabilities .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by package name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to a human readable level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  display a gcode linear move file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness to multiply the brightness .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the alternating find the given tournament graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if a given value can be an enum member .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  register ovs handlers from the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random string and iv key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special matrix of a sparse matrix x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host that finds at the given start time .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase name .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate and return value .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns random string of the provided value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many browser creation .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get all the attribute except for this layer name .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  for logging create/update/delete operations that includes the list of deferred .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url - python fab .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create recursively create a blocklist or hosts file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  start the named service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a cluster exists in the cluster with a given value should be created node only can only be run on a node with a node with a given value
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test custom context for a ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine norm of input data .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  see also: hooks for converting a new circle feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  render the passed item from the current urls .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file parameters mapping_f : bool of the format containing zero : bool filepath far .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get doc permissions for given doc and add it to the given doc with given user_id .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the path to the astropy package .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  this function will return if current git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  returns a task status .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return marker rule to use for coursecontentmilestone address .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  decorator to run a function or instance if it is called .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test daemon for standard streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  always return true if the current transaction is not a valid terminal .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test glcontext of opengl functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  this function is called every ut1-utc or conditionally testing the queue is available .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the notification platform for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a dictionary from a metadata file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the path of a file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  queries the image for numa mode .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to serialize a message object .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort terms with listening_ports separated keys .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  remove login and their login from the system .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  iterate over a range of text .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a tree object as a systemd tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  return the number of antidivisors sparse to the degree of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  from url creates a vi that mode returns vi .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the normal t-test of the bw as a list .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  makes a partition from a device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list from project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove multiple events at once .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  this will patch the current doc configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  write to disk .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  attempt to get the mpkg ids that marks the given package ids .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get pyo files .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  display tree with tree .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity age for single user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601 formated tuple to a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  returns the name of the lazy instance as a dict with the passed name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range range header into .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the current metric value for the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  sorts a series of headers based on the v .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  create a decorator to dispatch the specified method .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return a list of event names .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  accepts a utcstr as a utcstr .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a 2-d shared variable with zero elements .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a random validate that is still k .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the current time .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all the child nodes in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  parses a string key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if strtime is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if model contains a given model and optional fields .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities as a json representation of the queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  validate an application value .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extract hyperbolic fields from a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  evaluation evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  computes the sink used to create method used in a directed graph using $bindir .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test creating status additional parameters .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  callback function to ensure that the current database is calls .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extract the value of a single form id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  helper function to get a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision string used to render a precision to a cache object .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  returns the mckean-schrader cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the square matrix of x based on list of edges .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  loads the internal logging configuration for fetching information .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  convenience function to load the config from the config directory .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare two statuses .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the signal handler of the given number of dimensions .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of a sequence of two different values .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the request contains a content-disposition .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add documentation to the parent class .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  update config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  plays a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  for the nan .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a dict of attribute objects from the supplied environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a git repo from the repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty header mapping before batches of a tabular field with primer .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a models boosting move .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of items as a list .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for the specified app .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the pylint location of the given url .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value into an array of the given type and returns the appropriate .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  unquote slashes in a string .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  copy a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if the given sequence is one of the repetitions .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information from /proc/meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color in a short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts hex to rgb string .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png image with the given figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this view is called when a web page is running .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the given command to completion .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a full array of ones with same shape as ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page information .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  i have to serve the model in the database: .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes migrations for migrations that doesnt exist .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return labeller starting with specified symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the show .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a topic to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a version of severity or none if there is a valid version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run the command as the first publish .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a markdown response based on a given request id .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and jk loops from loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  show the plugin status .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide the restful crud addresses for the given resource - used by the output: function .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  create a new http cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  create a figure out of data parameters .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up resoruces in use by default .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  import and return an object given a string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions of proportions which can have been created from a chisquare test for proportions .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  extract the result of a git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with linear homogeneous coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods that should be called as only be called in the class name .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  create a random column of a sequence of complex values .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  format pprint of the constants to unicode .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  tries to waits an explicit timestamp to waits .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the given code with public crap .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  return true if the current request is allowed .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of active points from a experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes nexusport binding from db .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in the file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  installs more than a view for option .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  create and return a crypt file .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform a attacks configured to be set and returns a new one .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  generate a 3d transformation matrix based on the size of the thread .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create a list of segments array with respect to the log in x and y .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a numpy literal representation of the given numba type .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  registers a feature api to be used when an api has been previously deleted .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the header of the clustering in which we can add to x_i .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  finds the index of the irc test database .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with a maximum number of saved characters .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the list of names for all nodes that are none or more classes .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  get the path to the home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns the nibbles of a character .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the url for a given secret key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  add the population message to the passed in the passed algorithm .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function to use a step that every step instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  retrieves the contents of a given diff file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  free is a time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  removes astropy time from previous time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy for resize integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the creation spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns the content for a preface .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  only load arguments from a function which implements arguments .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  generate a new service on the given port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a color that make a sequential palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  return true if obj is subclass basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the text of a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point point is after a point provided .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  set visible active data for the authenticated inputs based on the index to the index inputs .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  return true if the given key has a known branch .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect all ports created from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  update would filter parameters x : ndarray the feature of rows in which to rho .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about open objects and return it in dictionary .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  skills controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  while we dont install the path for our project .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  substitute the directory names of a given docstring as possible .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the sample index of the values of array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the tests with statement .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  infer the type if the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - native port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts a any urls in a piece of simple rfc822 into clickable ones .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child directories are element with the same name .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate g in gexf format for g parameters g : graph encoding a networkx graph infer_numeric_types : boolean determine if encoding data is networkx string .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  copy files & replace special lines from text file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new confirmation with a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  perform an error message and return the standard output .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a loop in a loop and return it until the reactor loop .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run code idea for a metric .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  dispatcher for testing .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple of the content type header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return if a minimal array is a minimal minimal bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given def .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  splits a list of sentences into lines of a list of features .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  ensure all manifest of objects with uids .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses a uri uri into a tuple of the form uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns an integer with uuid4 key .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  call func with env .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse a list of url values into a list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated document from a full-text document .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available certificates on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a generator function for sample even by samples from a list of db_string .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  a helper method to encode a string as a encodes of bytes .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  validates a json type .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  instantiate and extract the path from the given path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  combine zero or more images together .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  transform a hex string to an @ @ .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  read gene records .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a formatted level to use to obtain a phone level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for the existence of an theanovariables .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a path to the filenames for builds .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata inner .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call func which ignores function to signals .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of a network adapter .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the displayname to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is a host .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a decorator that batches a query of a query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  define a new function that is handled by the process .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and unescapes fields into pair of non-empty and return a dict of the form .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  test that a post has only one string .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the description of a cloudformation email .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text from the database .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the type of a given type is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary from a template string to pass it to a dictionary of parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a class out includes the same fields as the right fields .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by cylindrical .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations for facts which existing facts can be exported previously set with migrations .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  forcibly -> str hex-encodes a bytestring or unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  generate a module for the specified clsid .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  finds a mysql binary server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  trailing byte flag for indexing consists of series of .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure that the text is raised by the tests .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test stockwell class with shape .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that all of the stack are that differ .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  builds a low-level client and name .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets the requested chart content of a swift chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  return current local tarball .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return the line number of child frames .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a tag or http trace to the unittests static static file .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  prepare to call this method with one argument and writes paths to the encoded argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach the cd specified by the vm and return the vbd class .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  errcheck function .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns the description from the trees dictionary as a dict .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary with an xml attributes and returns a dict of the form which can be suitable for each of the supplied dictlist .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts and/or fail to the number of leap messages .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the location for the application directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string of polynomials to a tuple of integers .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  this is just a list of files with the given files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  makes an array containing no usable lines stored in a sequence of expressions .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats from each stack stack stack .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns true if the count of the specified album is at least one album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns the number to hold a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric elements of the symmetric group as a permutation group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  custom environment to build a new environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return the information needed to each minion .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform special chars name to a string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a list of tuples from a string of ranges: words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a boolean if an object exists .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific sql tables that creates api-version specific foreign .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs as ascii-only ascii-only .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get the directory where the directory should be located .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  those filter to check the list of enabled filter .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to the given tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify repr (see also demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  link-local -> 6to4 multicast address for link-local solicited-node multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flushes log entries that are currently buffered .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the hierarchical random number .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  compute the full hypersearch match a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries names available in this resource .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate a mapping of a boolean .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path to the cola command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a certain methods and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  applies a single sentence of data into a tuple of nested values along with kwarg .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this creates a task that matches the specified url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given num .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  construct a human-readable list into a referrers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  load an object given its path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update index .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for a test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by sample a sample by mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in config is present in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random additional random seed .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian norm function for cum .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a class or a class as a target decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  validate if a string is a valid one of the forward positive .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  retrieve an ubuntu tag for a module name .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensures that a string is a valid string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  wrapper to force a remote branch to pull .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this provided request extension .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator that requires the user to access this page .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  a helper function to national significant bytes object that is positive-definite in a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches development request matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list out installed commands .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return an iterator over all children of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  this function is a list of strings to make a separaters product of the items in the series/index .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  compute the sequence .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  launches the login login with qualified login url parameters .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign to slices of slices to check .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer array .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a single expression for this rings .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  helper function to validate if there are no key in floating point .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a mime-type .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  correction factor for variance before one or more tensor references .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return a list of words .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse arguments to a list of arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fudge headers to list of headers .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  shuffle a numpy array with random data .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns the representation of a matrix to replacement for a single identity matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return a list of all sql statements .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validate an email format .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a handle file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 2d function for a given function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic bezier curve to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  return a string with keys and values of a given key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service from the given .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a new plan by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a votable votable parameter .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the keyword area for each entry .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  prepare entities in the specified entities .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json string to be included in json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed ports instance to one of the managed managed ports from gce .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  prepend all specification .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  do not change action on be rendered by override it to be removed and after each action is handled .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the quote version of the appropriate for the given indices .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print each text equivalent .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of absolute paths to json .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster and the hcluster node of the given features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  release a subset of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops a monit configuration .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the cache settings for an schemes cache .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  set up the sympy expression .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract only the current version number from the admin file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  returns true if running in stdin mode .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the named account on the class .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse an http response parses a message and parse a human readable response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete api request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  retrieve a list of check check class by all check that it exists .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value that escapes extra values .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  creates a watch assets and expands it to its available .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test that we are running in a full db .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a global view and a mock index from the model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path to the device is a directory and is it doesnt exist .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate skipped model when activated update .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup from the given ansible source .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a set of notebook modules .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple example to encode a performance process parameters .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will filter the contents of the block through the given .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  remove the fake project to be overwritten by the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for copyright .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax lines of taxes creates tax tax classes .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  f: a field by name .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return the path to the appropriate pythonpath for this module .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get distance point that the segment from a segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  url quotes the input string with a regex and backslashes .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  isfile -> open path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning of the 1-indexed line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  main program function for proper primer fasta filepath qual_fp: output_dir: filepath parameters mapping_f filepath output_dir: mapping file filepath output_dir: mapping file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list currently installed genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generator to functional functional to functional functional optional groups .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the beginning of entity .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  write the string to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests that calling a single user is assigned to the single single m2 object .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  this function is a modified hash function .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  delete a .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points for the given locations .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse percent as a percent or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path relative to a a 2d directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used for the given pid file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get an attribute of the module with the specified name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of serial cipher .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  converts a string value to a subclass of 0stored .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create and return a link to the node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a file .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first non-zero non-zero elements in a boolean .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  exc of ctrl-c .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  ask for os .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach all generic device cache to each object of the cache represented by the cache breadcrumbs .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd freebsd and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert sentence into an xml fragment instance .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  runs a command in a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test packagefinder exclusive in a python environment .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of detected libraries installed via library .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  list images of an image .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a new method call and prints api method so that the api gets handled by the api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a non-nan float integer into a big-endian function .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  deletes all the provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return string of bytes in bytes .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve a path to the resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete an user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  returns a dataset like configured under the join class .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the mach-o url of a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality function that returns catch: centrality over a undirected .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a json file to filenames .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute a q0 integral for a tri polynomial buffer p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the queryset of the users through the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path or a path to a egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  retrieve the next item from the writer_name context object .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a ctypes array for each row .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generates a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  delete orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only load this module if the windows module is available .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj is added to file that should be removed .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  a helper function to construct the batches of a dataset .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json format .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  parser -> integer convert a base string |s| into another byte string .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  creates a sequence of relaying and fills it to the given num few .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  provides apcaccess only on check .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns true if the book exists in a databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  xxx: needs to be estimated in a dummy using mavg .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a dict of audio classes to pass to the container .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a clone using pip install --target .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  write out the output of a file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save the given registration code as a new order for registration invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor into a new tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  retrieves the content returned by the given video .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the standard service is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validate the given iterables mapping to appropriate number of days .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get all instances for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns the function that creates a table from the given stream .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the basic bindings that the cli example: .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  fixes up medias .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the frequencies .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extracts an individual kind from a dictionary of headers .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  helper function to ignore warnings and return it .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  set the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  initialize the server .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a single test .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version numbers appearing in the paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read from the string tree .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore token from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that the given value is compatible with the same id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is of a given option or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute given a collection path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return trainable mac addresses from one host .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  a decorator that a user is available .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login object from the local machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath has a submit sentiment .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the verbosity names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  decorate a function so it will always be run .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return the internal plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  look up the client and add it to the client .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  traverse a single timestamps to the given data .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parses authentication entries and returns appropriate authentication data .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  iterate over all modules and return its path .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  return the rendered registration which a image can be created .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts symbols into a list of symbol objects .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  86] the numa stats from the given document .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block spaces in a block command .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute polynomial division of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test the status of a table .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns an html file using a lineartransform byte array .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a dictionary containing the source files .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines input length of a convolution given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value from continuously .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if we are equal .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  if the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for dev page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated components of the components signal with those data sets .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  ask for a prompts that runs the old page with "pandas" .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the course is actually a course structure for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test if arg is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the same topic method escapes the same topic to the same topic as the same topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the class from the compute api class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run the test suite as a doctest test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting itself .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  apply a new instance of a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items of a given tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic message detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this primarily exists .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the i18n db for initializedyaml .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value of the given key in the given store .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  builds a wiki document links .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  transform a dict to a set of matching matching matching matching matching matching matching .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  create a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource of the source file with the given source and stderr .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return an smb client .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email with stringprep .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  this function generates all the c++11 aliases for all the installed_apps classes .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the yeelight binary sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return the .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first axis of a list of bits .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle to handle basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path of an music path .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a pipeline timeout .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with labels as a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return nodes of positive integer n by 2 .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  generator function to generate random slices of length n .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return string - characters .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  formats a date according to the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  read the full page of the given page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  iterate over a list of files .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  return an upload object for the given upload .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual log of the given httpresponse on the given body .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  given a user id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  embed and start a standard shell shell interface into given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  create a directory .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the name of the given backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that an action is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters matching the requested limit and rows .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of entries by layer 2 .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a dummy selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a numpy image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  expression with corresponding to we stack sparse matrices .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  construct a castra from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the number of chunks in the hypertext file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper method for getting a logout url for a logout method .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build network option with expected and option .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  returns the display name for the user .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return an :class: .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  return a temporary file name .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy one or more content to a file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a reference which is the fly of a control book .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that converts a view argument to a prevent added .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  remove the given html with its element on the fragment that contains unsafe characters .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows font directory name for the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns formatted as a database instance .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  gets the subtitle path to the video file in the specified path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  remove the common text from a list of word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to the cachedir .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  determine if an alloc is inside any allowable tree .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize __init__ file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  only load the windows port .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an iterator over the alternate xml output .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  given a url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  tuple of elements .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return the autocorrelation function that contains the autocorrelation of the autocorrelation of the mean .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  refresher decorator for api .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate a simple example map of rules with the given lexical .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate if a locale is the locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x is in list and remove any active reason .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  given a sequence of index type .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity identity dictionary for the given socket or if no user has been initialized .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  execute the warnquota task .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  function for checking if theres a diskspace space or not .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert gcrs to vims without error .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt the given code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  constructs a k1 that calls cogent .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a vote vote for the given user and a response .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the cycle graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the todo .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  generate a url for the given upload .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime from cisco ios: processor board id ftx1000008x return uptime string .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  retrieve a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  avoid any certificate names in the certificate .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object to a string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip file by whatever a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure the named dns is absent name the name of the service to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping of files and return a dictionary of functionannotation values .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  wraps the application .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return the unicode representation of the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that the specified dacl is absent for the given object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test the model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a module function to be used with javascript .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that distances are not created with various label .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that tests that get verifies the response of a given json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  gets the instance metadata for the specified image .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a function asynchronously .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the first item in the standard deviation of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray and its parents .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> string return a boolean .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  return a list of lines read from the comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  decorate a function that returns none .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  return the default script to arguments .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turn a single block optimization .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in the role .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  spectral an object from a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a 3d matrix of prime nodes in a sphere .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of : mappings for an entire scene indexer .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained : int returns contr : array of numbers .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  given a path to a program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  a utility to apply *g method to the *g .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  check if the given language is a block language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  an resource name of a class or classic class .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching pattern from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  return true if the given filename appears to this module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the jinja2 just two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  get information about available version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  set a new wiki page for an wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  the exponential linear unit function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the given data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the amount of shared memory allocated to use .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified milestones of the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  run the first x of a pivoting model .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  wrap a function with a chosen decorator .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return the path for a particular type .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts an exception body to a response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  mask to mask that do not match a list of values .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  used to dump a single bracket or return empty .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  build a code block code for use as a regular expression .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac objects by one or more schemes names .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read text shape matrix .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  returns a string with length or unicode string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  establishes and raises an error with a status code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  yields the harmonic group of nodes by n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  do the regular regular configuration .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate an approximate graph to compute nodes on a node with g .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  list all standard diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple command-line program from the inventory dictionary .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  from github issue #107 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a given return is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a new request to the auth endpoint for google jwts backend .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if *uri* can be used to track the resource .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean specifying whether the values should be skipped .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown string used to generate a html .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  a decorator to help function and exit if f raises an exception with the given arguments .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  call the histogram kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return keychain_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  cycle through a certain model supplied as a string .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a new error code to the message codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific *data* in the running name the name of the given module to assign examples: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request object .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns qr qr from a given array .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get addongithubnodesettings transformation for a float .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on array .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a django boolean for django templates .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address available on the given address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services that have been sysv services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  normalizes a dns way to a uri .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a ruby implementation for accessing file .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  read a recarray field from a byte .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  print a membership membership to each unique path .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a base64 encoded task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  return the portion of the qgradient portion of a specific node .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  summaries to summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a helper to generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  this function is called to return the weird function .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine appropriate error message and determine when processes an error occurred .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  format a list of strings as a list of .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging for the counter_type .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates the connections instance this sets up to the java application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse the payload out of events .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active task name .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a particular group group on the event .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline representation of a value .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute the up hierarchically var .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  get the datastore path from a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return strategy for given name .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send a bridge to the configured github service .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the keyczar secret and returns the keyczar signer and writes it to secrets and writes the secrets database .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  serve the load data from a file .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file into a string .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns a quadrature quadrature [1]_ and b[i] .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the length of the parameters .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the layer date from the given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a header .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to wrap a function to run in public accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read lsm data file and return as numpy array .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a file to the base64 encoded file for the given filename .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create the test suite from the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write the contents of a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if the current site configuration has been set .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim any selection zeros that are not in floats .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given a path or patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  retrieve a list of valid user object given its model instance .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vm exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when given date and assign assign a single datetime object to each article/page .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  nice execution of key to handle permutations .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in a new repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  returns true if p is a valid one .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert an action to the given action .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  verify that the custom completion is set correctly when a custom user .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given matplotlib .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add new slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  destroy a raise if not found .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a repository in a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements for a list of states .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a shell initialization of a file and return its fields .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  view a form for a creator .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get report list for given doctype .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  website to determine if the dataset is a custom ip .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test multidimensional to empty array .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  display all the results from a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check for checksums standard error .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  this method will quick an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  parses a single medline file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  stop a redis server .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for a script .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into list of paths removing all the given template tags .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs report about all orphans that have been met by other term .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if a number is a single integer in a region .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  compute a hash identifying an md5 hash for a given type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  provides a single filename path from a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take a list of lists like sparsedataframe and return a new list .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new markdown string for an alternative http request .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named service .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params and dumps dumps .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store by uri from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  sort a next element of a list of colors .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks that the given graph is a valid status code .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert uuids to a list of iterable .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a duration value to a timedelta .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  return true if the given path is a within the given dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the lists of completed path tuples to history imports .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  get a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define responding .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of hidden users .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect signals on discussion handlers and merge a numpy sender .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  see :meth: .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to apply the standalone method to the existing class .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  expected metres function .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the configuration files and return them as a module .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  set the *x*-limits axis for the current axes or buffer .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker task for the centos distribution .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document from an xml document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  single step .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  function to discover the file with a given path .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if and only if minc is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move source to another file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove the file exists .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a value exists in the list .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return an multiplying or cross-validator domain to find the plugin_type_identifier in a multiplying or both :class:spyne and beta .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with a given view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test if modules with a patched timeout .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for the given config_string .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  constructs a __property__ encoded instance from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type type section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot image and patch values with logistic and patch the plots .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic to the mysql server .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a named user name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  parse regular expression to a generic string .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return lists of clause records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an invalid filename for a static mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract a tuple of units from the binary mnist .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri given a uri string and return a tuple of .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get original original original original original object .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from one by simplified triangular .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the notification image information for an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  simple html form .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  return the future .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  reset program because it is running .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  return a whitespace-normalized name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns true if the given path is none .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the residual function of a matrix x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db units match the on-disk format and that in-db are as intended .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the show message twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs file name of the source file or folder .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  returns a function that does nothing .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for a volume to be changed .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with a given number of characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 plus plus nltkdemo .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  returns the current context .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return telemetry data for the requested user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  task intended to be updated at a given instructortask .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted limits for the given place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  gets a model from an app_label / model_name label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  does nothing .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  utility function to create the output to check to see if markdown has been set to true .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote the given string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for pem format .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a list of valid ids of user ids .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup as overrides overrides to ways .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  test the keypoints censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the rsync directory to the rsync locations for temporary files .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  authentication for the google cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a dict from the given options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends a message to admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate a list of vertices .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get a human-readable id and display the entire version .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  check the list of power command from an instance type and return the list of power as a list of power type of the distance .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string if the xmlelement are a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  enqueues a course update for the given update on the course update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if string is a valid format .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  look for a acoustid dictionary and add it to the acoustid of its own code .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as links functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to create a qicon .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines if a dataset that can be updated with a new datashape dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets info about the certificate footer and return the operation that is not built to the certificate corresponding to the certificate .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns all the data for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this function is x testing the index of x and thus parameters x : ndarray .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return vectorspacesdataset error data from a dict .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the specified length is a valid one of the service name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that all *compat_args permissions are stored in the list of files .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns an instance of the elements in the block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  migrate key to a new dict .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  remove duplicate workers and appropriate workers .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a start and query it .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of numbers .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if function fails .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform 2d accumulatemethods of raw abundance otu devices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate the coverage java and return the standard test data structure for the specified package .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to check if number is a string of length positive .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the function .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initializes the specified routing file .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of available question from the given question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop arguments from an entry of probe .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns boolean indicating whether the django app is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  prompts the user for a group .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose a chars by making it to the current cursor position .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the linux distribution parameters .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test equalization of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  iterates over edges in the graph .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller should only be accessed from mobile client .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  insert a new header based on the standard format .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper for each search in the path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in the generated cachedir data .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get a list of wanna for a project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then escapes it .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode queue .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  finds and returns an empty line markers .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location using the specified location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  mapping a keypress keypress to the given entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand the existing file into proper list .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return whether the given user is a qurl of the given url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for summary views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  send nova line at localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  there are the current theme to the current theme cache .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the default float type .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists of triples and return a sequence of .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract information from the instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  find a string of substring elements of a trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize an address according to a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  return a dict of valid values as a list .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  prints wrapper to the decorated function and others to sys .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints out the exception and asks which escapes a field .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  enroll student and enroll of ccx .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type name .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get all of the listing listing for an app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  sending message to hipchat data .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates the gradient of a file and validate it to the mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the partial results for a text .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql redirects to mysql .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  runs a full path on the service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a package from a remote location .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random private random number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return the hermite interpolation for a given floating point number .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  lists all locks on the system and return a list of locks that are on the master .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  retrieve the name of the database .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the unique plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a set of api data in a dictionary .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  returns replacement for elementary handlers .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  given a courses enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the string from a filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  the tid: conf id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for a destination .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return a list of in dist_name using location specified in a location .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  the first scenario tags should be ignored .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  do lws folding .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  return the user containing the canonical path of the passed path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  take two xblocks paths and return the resulting path based on the null repository .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get the network and the name of the object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if an error is called .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef properties .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  do not have all skipped substitutions .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja template with the given recipe directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a unicode string into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  do not allow a file or else an absolute path to a file & dynamic system-specific .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a python string literal begins at the specified position in the start of a specified position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  return a dict with the given name and tenant name .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change transaction primary primary address for user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a mixture distribution from pmf1 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  format a request exception .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the current requests as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  removes a file with the given path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error pattern at each color .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the incoming pairs of all the pairs of a set of those tuples .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the main program .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  a signal that enables notifications to the microsite queue this is called .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string of integer into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the time the highest limit per user keep the last time .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server to a tenant/user .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  retrieve a client instance from the configuration by the given instance .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  expand a dataframe parameters index : int .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the delete messages .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  build the email parameters from a email specification .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the accessing accessing by database .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url of an enabled auth provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a certain value .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a finder command .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorator to protect views that should be rescored to the singleton api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the most recently exclusive must be used as a valid exclusive when a function is not needed .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the appropriate center plugin .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  create the country font directory .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of the given cliques .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  a message helper function for splitting to message with a redirect object .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the queue .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the digraph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  return the dot product of a symmetric matrix by a vector .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download a video invoice file from the invoice in the given invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  get the bpm temporarily override defined in the configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the first options and returns a description .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns the state of the package that owns the given package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces page_key string with spaces .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  this function finds all field names to the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  given a valid nxm type .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate the given string to ascii bytes .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the argument specification of a boolean .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test test to make sure only a view function reads the expected .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the ranked state of a matrix from the values of the input to the ivp function using welchs .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  create a store in --compile format .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the string to display for a message reference .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of web listing for each url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the completion of the local machine .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  retrieves a comment methods .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the absolute root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new role instance for the application .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not the given value is the appropriate for the given name represents the process .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get geometryoutput by interpolationoffset and geometry .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a simple external map representation to a :class:datetime .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get list of available identifiers based on the respective config .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return the path to the absolute .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensure that the doctest argument passed to the function is not a doctest .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return a list of applied path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one or method and calls the method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google data from google cloud storage .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  remove files that match the files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes a database file of each frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend module to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decodes a base64 string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  display the global ui of the given defaults .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  return true if the object is a matching line .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace hook .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests that clean out aws info file with aws n321 .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns the key from a filename or the requested key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate if symmetric loop is in $path .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the add_*_data() function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts s to a list of non-empty .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  convert a datetime to a relative date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and sigmoid activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a source file and return the contents of the given source code .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  converts a json response to a json object .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  get the python version of import arguments if not available .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  return the number of data that will be corresponding to a mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  create an empty acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  restores the unit of the tensor with the zeros of a tensor .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  check that an ccx-aware first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main entry point .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne compare_fiff .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  gets the parameter size .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  utility function to check the referencing result from an open response .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  converts an application error to a http error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate no symbol and no symbol to be _make_decreasing_ohlc .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a particularly function to the users of the given object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of the names of option instances .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively traverse all files in the given directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test a line of per line with a title line .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an empty file to a file parameters im : str file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine whether the stage should be rest by checking if the path should be whitelisted .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a list of catalogs representing html .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the percentage of a positive integer as a list of presents .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts coordinates to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  return true if the field has a sqlalchemy model class name .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a widget and returns a master class .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the the demo sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that in-db file format and on-disk units match with format for given unit units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  remove notification event from one or more notification .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login object for the given host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test intervals of squares .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  parse arguments and return values of configuration .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  verify that system inheritance list can be assigned to a multiple of a @skip .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all expired sessions for a given device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  return true if the tag name belongs to a given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split a simple record .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  construct a named expression to a list of metadata .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove the headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns 100 usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get the commit commit in the repo .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  tries to load a profile model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  do some math .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram matrix x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns file with playlist tasks that will write the file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to stop the topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test when we can require a virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall the specified service args: cmd : the name of the package to uninstall returns: bool: true if successful cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return a sparse matrix of a sparse matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have been updated by a number of subtasks subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  at least min_version .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  import an xml element in the given root node .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  queries the users password for a specified user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop all gradient corresponding to the tensorflow tensor .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of slave ips from the database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  return true when the ca certs file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of each row in the given array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config dictionary .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  accepts a list of large objects .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to name .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return a string to display the lines of a tab .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  override this checker delete checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  take a color string that encodes triple color color to a new color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator defining the decorated method .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that the user can view the permissions of the given username .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if there is two hilbert hash of two hilbert forms .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  some decorator which alters the flat to be used as fresh instead of the pypubsub function .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  return an extension message from an rubygems configuration .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  wrapper around date and returns the current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors configuration was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors configuration was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by equate prefix .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a new widget that is add-on of its content widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  tests that the same signature as multiple times .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the field value for the object or class .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see or:: .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to a list if the row is a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  add multiple types to the form of a string which stores it in the tool shed .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  retrieves the document in a json so that it can read the document with the given json .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload the given summary to the specified summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the standard file of the source file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a helper to create a mock method to replace the open method with the data .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  assign to the same object name .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check that major or a specific version is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete a soft query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical locator with numticks .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  convert between dense matrices by a sparse matrix .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a thomson scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  write commit logs to the repository .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get geometry output dictionary by faces and vertexes .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return the icon for a particular job id .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  same as incorrectly .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  list dns entries in the network list .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  reports and returns messages to a given report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  tests that we can load a higher specification and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  formats an option value to pass it to the provided format type .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  internal method for to/from password related to the specified dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  returns a file descriptor .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  retrieve a list of country from a country .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether two paths are the same flow .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test basic data .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is job is job successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create the folders with the given root .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieves all snapshots .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the estimated average from n .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared projects for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  strips pattern and clean coming from beginning of indentation .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return the view of the view with the given shape .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if page info is available for the slug .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  return a list of leading f .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for rruleset authentication credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  enable virt front shell to be used .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  return a string of variables with a given code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a class for the centered .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the circular moment of the boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  test replacing a := reference matrix .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  creates a sum of two alignment .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the default commonfooter instance .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the documentation from the source to the destination object .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test for issue #309: .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a list of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns none if the value is none .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  helper function to find the points in the expression tree .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the /foo?a=1&b=2 of this python modules .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number to a number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  calculate the fused signature from a fused specific specific specific specific specific specific type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url to a data structure .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a good time to configure custom headers .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  remove meta data from a nickname format .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity of a string as a list of numbers .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return a helper function which performs the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an iterator relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the name of the specified file .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  return the csv for all students metrics .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  parse json so that it does not allow none .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  used to build **delete** to build grammar dict :argument certificates .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the name of a readable temp file .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  this function creates a offsetboxes : a offsetboxes of the offsetboxes .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  test that p is equal to the same element .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) in a particular color and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid by name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate the internal function .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a specific header name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  parses mul in a polynomial .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a possible indent of the given text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  create a new vif model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  msgids delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validates an boolean against a given power type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the number of callables that are joins the given callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  if you decorate a qual score is similar to analyzer .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a dict of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  setup sphinx optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two digests if a and b are equal .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns true if the given value is arbitrary .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  obtain the print out of a node name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that simulates a keyconfig and return the optional dict of drop .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values value is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  is all finite objects in the en .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  regression test for url ensures that table with the same results as the regression model always polynomials .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse a schema and return a tuple of fields and the fields .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register all log modeladmin .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices over the first element of a list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  get a vsphere object for the given model or type .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a wsgi key from a specified access key and exit .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert an integer to a search_service_pb .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  returns x minus the falling of a factorial integer x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests that the view of a file object is deleted .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a filename .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet name pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  a flash function for #374 .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a function container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a new otp hash using the data passed in by the lbracket hash algorithm .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  gray-level myclass .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the cluster seeds of a path with a given timestamp .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform response headers to response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a list of lists into chunks of length keyed .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a 3-tuple: from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure assigning cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace instance by trying to db .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a compute adjacency matrix .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new article object to the specified feed context .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return true if data can be included in the dictionary .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  calculate approximate genome seq .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility function to wrap a single "foo" method .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of the configured function cli example: .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show the current cl for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  convert a message protobuf to a protobuf content .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  given a pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable to the beginning if they want to modify it is not defined in an argument .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  decorate markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  render the given file to call our libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  reshape whether a and y is equal to the computing point .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert textfile to the textual form .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  create a alternative alternative for the given upp .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the number of bits obtained by the degree subset of a number .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create an rpc for use with the given blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  returns true if the given style object can be copied from the requested change .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status from a mysql server via "show full processlist" .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the supervisorctl lines of a sequence of lines .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a report from the given model .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  return true if the specified server is available .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  override work to override or configure config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  given a list of events and frames .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define old-named decorator .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  add a value to nova cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  update cached lut .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a encoder/decoder or create an instance of field .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  return those attributes that should be underscore .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an installation bank file for an image .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box to choose a distorted box by bbox .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get list of valid email addresses .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add a package to the pkgs database .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json handler that converts objects to a unicode string .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  return a link to the remote server type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  build aws unescape packages .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri that looks like a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generate a dictionary of matrices with the given labels .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode using base64 encoded data .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial device sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  given the pages option .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  does the transaction itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  colorize text in a default macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr operator .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add *new* special collector to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  simple command-line program for listing main program of a single vm .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  converts the given string to a timestamp object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime object to a iso8601 string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the existing process name for process .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for methods that type decorrelating the specified type .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  remove ? paths from the db .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parse an upload file and return a dictionary of .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the repository from the repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  intercepts a domain code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests that the approximate maps to the same results .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the current process to be used .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load the request .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  takes so that they were always return a friendly id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  builds an programming .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  converts the given expression to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a pointer in the given disk space .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator that will return the symbolic way of a file .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the static files of just about any dev :return: basename of just about any dev files .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge the dictionary only *individual* arguments .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  produces a file with the same text as invited .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract all keys from the given query query .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  enterprise djangos login service .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a unicode-safe version of urllib2 .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the value from the request api cookie as an integer cookie .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a set of iterators from a frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  call the given template with the given args and data .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  standard deviation .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if the grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over all possible jobs .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  wrapper around libvirt that preserves digit events .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the least common divisor of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a will use to create a usage:: form for a given amount of time .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality solution of a rational function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test the representation of the desaturate class .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  find an iterator over the objects in the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  iterates over the yaml table format .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  generate requests for a given requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a form for the main form of the data .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid xml uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel file .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  a valid binary input file object .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the stack .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the users volume .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file names of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  given a data structure and an http response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  normalizes the index of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the special data from a file named size .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  takes a string containing resolving linked to a list of string that can be used by a single string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  list of jinja2 route .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  fetches all overall summary of an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of available but not already satisfies the given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object that the object is untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for association for a show to reach qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  flatten a cherrypy iterator .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  return the size of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses one or more units that appear by openerp .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all the projects available to the user .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit a kmeans estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d specification .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is installed with a package that returns true if global namespace of a package is present .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the decorated application and version if the uri does not installed .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  overrides the factory for a given multinomial_logpmf .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the blank line of the cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define a module-level property for an object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode the string argument to utf-8 encoded .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup as sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if we have properly like the variable with variable *name* .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return a list of the limit limit for which limit is true .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the indent matrix to a 1d distance matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper around patched version of emr .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  backwards compatibility wrapper around sreturn .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns debugging from start .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that eccentric can take the expected step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the suffix of the file name of the file without the file name .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of n in a similar .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  remove all sentence words .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack version string tuple .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  make a full parser instance .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  generate a randomly generated random chars .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid of the given pid file .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate repo file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller from gps .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a certain column .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url for the article + base_paths .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the sabnzbd ble thermostats .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level object from module-level to shared memory .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  used to mark a view as a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate the project with the given project and force it to network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  display a list of approximate courses content .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv to the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the attribute of the users attribute and return the value .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads and decompresses data in specified folder .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the manifest directory where the manifest is located .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backends session and remove the backends loaded request data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  makes a date from date according to the closest .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns a dictionary mapping discussion_ids to the discussion thread/comment and visible to the inline .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a prepared .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the elements in the yadis xrd order for the given tree .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get aws aws project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  take a list of filename and merge a filename .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image with drop-in volume .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check ports of dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  gets the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an query instance from the specified name .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset of the superset file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  evaluates the autocorrelation of an array and the values as a set of vectors for the null hypothesis intervals .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys by keys .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count the number of roots of a polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the context for the computer will be in the osfstorage .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce extension for rectangular rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  label a memory setting like memory .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test for issue symmetric .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  verify the virtual service is less than the given service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  given a -h value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  detaches a new disk for the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert string to unicode .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the string representation of a file object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new array allocated from shared memory .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a column of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  delete the actual key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  fetch a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking function that checking the types of a custom type .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate any figure and associated functions in a windowing figure should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the items in the environ environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively collects a list of files in the given directory tree .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for skips test if denied is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of names like names .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts a string to a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  list tags for all tags .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates a dict-like process for each process in arma process parameters ar : array_like autoregressive lag-polynomial with leading 1 and ma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return an ssh ssh connection by issuing and ssh connection to the database .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if style has a style equivalent .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms conn object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should contain list of scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get a aggregate over the package names .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a specific object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell whether an open code should be a rule string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a string representation of an layer tile by comparing the layer for a given layer .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if stock is running .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move loss of sparse and reshape of a batch .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a kernel function .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set the group module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots belonging to a project .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte sample frequencies for gof this is the same set of positions parameters distr : array_like the sample of the server if true .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  returns the directory where the first item exists .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the tukeylambda .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  given a python path .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  read the first p4 of the pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert cpu qimage to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  builds a reasonable class name for the given class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance metric to quantify the similarity between vector .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render internals .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of the files .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get a thought logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send emails and sends an notification email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return the text of a unicode string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that a process is set to the github mode .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary with a given element of a given dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the values of a and b as a float .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase and lower case .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  ensure that all uppercase string in a url string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  get ip address .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  return a * * .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  post resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates an sql hash with fields .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  like shared .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  returns the path to the caffe module with the passed path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file from the right directory .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage in the null space .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  converts a map of items to a special separator matrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  dump a static file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  enable or disable subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  pass the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  run the printed output of the stdout if the python code is raised .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore requires the jenkins days plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  creates a new message for an open message .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  set up the system environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  negative the map of data .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  collects the the the descendants which this function returns descendants of the attributes .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look over a query to look up a table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to a decimal according to the rules in utc .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the available httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  given a sequence of separator: courses .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  creates a file in the given path .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract the text lines from the page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns a httpresponseredirect to the appropriate error for the page .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify that the context is valid according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  the column should not have a column of a column that is given to the expected value .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  perform a message with an attribute on a queryset .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  accept rules for a complete address to the appropriate metadata .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow of a directed graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json "changes" value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the data for a major/minor to the pty-req operator .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if value is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return whether the given size is valid .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  return data in color plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper method for methods which looks up regexes regexes regexes .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a single figure and a matrix .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square matrix of each element of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  try to guess the letter in the votable way .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  this is called only .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of the given sha codes .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively generate all modules in a given directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns true if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  a dummy view that will the the the the file located from a given file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  just like os .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attributes for the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  parallel the call in n_jobs .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes an rsa key for a specified key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  wrapper function to return data from a package .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the inverse sequence of a map of sequences .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given a product and a country code object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource xml attributes .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  search for a keys specified keys and return its keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  clear background queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a complete event .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  convert an epoch or number into epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the current systemd systemd method requires active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  view for toggling status .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a dictionary of a custom translation matching the given language .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  estimate the trimmed matrix to the specified cuda .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique key of a string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  prompt the user to access a file editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the mode mode .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  return resolving cgroup controller from a list of raw organizations .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return the given streams name .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a dictionary of validation files that can be created for the __key__ includes .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse an json-compatible timestamp string with the form of a :class:datetime .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor region that allows us to specify a file record stream .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of image and label batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  use a byte string to build a partial score and last word matches with the input data .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  get the password from the user and return a list of positional arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns the prerequisite content usage and the makes sure that the user is allowed to access the required milestones .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a new app to separate files .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy value from the database by querying a value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  to be used for generating a view that uses the logged-in context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of digits needed to hold a specific long number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  returns a list of fast product that are not fast .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validate and return value for option value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python names with an attribute with its osf .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  utility function to convert revision to dict format .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a numeric pattern to a buffer .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  force wtform to process of an object .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  utility function to check if f is true or pfilter .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  unset the dev_appserver bit of the r2 fired - if no longer given .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  return true if the function names looks like an app command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a new name for a file .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the text is related to the weather .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report view as view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  screed a video to the current video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function installs all the given manager as a signal handler for the given signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  see if a numpy dtype is a valid bgp .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse the new session .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http authentication header string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  wrapper function used to create the method that calls wrap .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called when an exception is encountered .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  generate logged-in html as a javascript string .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  determine disk date as tuple .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  compute the natural logarithm of the logistic function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device like sk_sk .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  check if the header contains an rpm header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance for the machine .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  wrap a function that requires a request limit .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check the status of the vm from the given list of vm name .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  returns the custom locale directory to make it usable in the session .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the standard idle directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  returns the string representation of the given tex using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  returns the content as a single node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a worksheet scaled to a more xml or ah string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove all user records for the given user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return an array of all values in a list .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return the time delta as a dict .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the versions of the input name .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test to ensure that the :(%) mode have the same lines .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the access flag of the object .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  create a new random 64-bit queue with the same and write it to the expected average .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a custom storage instance .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the state of the repo .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  make sure a unicode string is of a query string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is called every time the server is a no-op .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  we end to shutdown the system dict as a list of eigenvalues .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  meets endpoint that maps made to prettier into .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  list all renderers for all renderers specified in an renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred time tz for the channel .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that initializing can be passed to the expected system .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter adapter .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list out the sizes of a given providers .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the average precision and 1d 1d stride into a 1d 1d average of the input group .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a string containing the current context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the start^ used by the current thread .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command line interface .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  return the file contents of a .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a salt salt print output .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the filesystem path of a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that the indices of decimal and indices are multiplicities .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  replacement for django (in cache that rules: does not exist with the geos to any resources .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection of the graph that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove any files from the input .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a course to the given course start .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test data values with normal data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns true if the given string matches the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  use devices to setup the new devices and connect to an array of devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  return a numpy dtype array for the same dtype as the new methods of a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  parses all summary views in the specified job id .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  adds the enabled units to the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs pip command from the specified command .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the url of a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  naive pretty-printing of square .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize a new logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  remove any test files .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  decorator used to call a function or method in a class .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  show a warning to hook .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process with the given name .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child of the given data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  check if a series of a particular series is not a series of a header .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes a 8-bit string into utf-8 encoded representation .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with corresponding differences of arma process created by the destination process of the destination process .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  wrap a function to make sure that all lines listed in a command format immediately for the given status code .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  remove a named media by name .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears the schema for the given review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  return a list of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client from the main environ dict .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> str list turns a particular byte string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  list all available boot configuration files .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns a fourier series expansion .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the matrix decomposition of two sparse matrix .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  parse a string and return a dictionary with the string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get all possible values in a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the real matrix of a .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does the access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the args and split into a pair .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db record from the database .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get a group group group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx parsers .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves information for the image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a list of egg from new modules .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a rule to one or more registration_ids .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  call to install a new clock that is available .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send sessions of given email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  get all version-specific tmux data configs for the given version .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  returns the natural logarithm of a variable .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  return the current additions additions additions cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  return the difference between two arrays .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert square bytes to x**n in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given first_contribution_msec .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square root in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses parameters dict and parse metadata for which array of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  polynomial exact pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the geometric mean of the specified forward .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if an aware datetime to local time zone is enabled .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the vbench results given a row .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip manually .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a decorator that functions that return three argument .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  list profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the squared covariance matrix .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a shell instance .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  get the name of the installed entrypoint .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logs a message at logging level .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign security video to the given textbook .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name into an alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc provides an iterator of functions .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  return details about all elasticache api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the given value and returns the first one that is a list of matching key .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a generator of sphinx .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  calculates the coefficient of the mean .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale to make a map .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a list of for indexing distribution which have been marked as a explict .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return true if matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that the file-upload name is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the remote options passed to salt cloud salt cloud minion .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the some three numbers of three numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the bounding version of the two binary arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  makes a direct request from plotly .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  finds and returns catalog object .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the configuration file .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  retrieve a python function by name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that format a python file at the specified position .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: tooltips : the optional chart using the weighted column .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the first loggers instance .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  call shell-command .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown level from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  set up the telldus .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text by the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file from a list of vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the module manifest .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the optionally .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove the file reference from the path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set sockets for the current revision will be x layout .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  create a directory from a file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  override this for any scheduled slash to provide a logging link that correspond to any unnecessary timings .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a command console to the minion .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of all available volumes .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return the variance of the given mean .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  compute the confusion matrix multiplications of a 40 matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting specific course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a different uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  images - targets - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a base class with keys of the passed name .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup the function call with a snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  upload a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return a dictionary mapping routes to be sent to manage the current manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from compressed compressed .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  key token should be looked for the usability repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the ip address of the given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns cpu bit dtype using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get current tcl list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the given *plugins and returns a list of additional interfaces .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an score_set using a more user .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  deprecated decorator .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of and and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the integer parsing returns the integer when n is a positive integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a phone number is a valid number object .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the data to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a mane endpoint by mane the given api call .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  compare two pixels and returns the reference .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a list of rate limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieve all metadata for given user and thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show a network interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the binary image of the input data .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verify that the command passed into the standard directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  aux function .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return the docstring for the given source code .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a independent drivers from a independent plugin .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  move a table with the columns required by the given params .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return the assist code for a project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the url of the users scores as a dict .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  utility function to get a dictionary for values or dictionary .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the results of the named package .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  annotate a list of functions that are relative to a package with the same number of paths .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is entirely inside the paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  return task dicts .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns the name of the current template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  return a list of fields from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky where to a given array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that the specified location is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake header from the handshake sock .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  check that the po logs out of the model .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  return the primary primary code at offset .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a convenience function that converts xpath to true .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  return http instance of the http header .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and d2 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the display of a given dir .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  a helper function to encode a string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities and time them in the system .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the module as configured .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct deleted deleted .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get the return appropriate type from the java object .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parses the xml input and returns a created object .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  helper to load a type from a file .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  remove see if all installed objects are available .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of the names of all the files to the given startup .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that seed can be utility function for globally cases when the same mode of the same .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  shut down microsites .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieves the shortcut associated with a given ordinary .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url to registered with given prefix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  gets the authenticated user for given user_id .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get volume types that are associated with a given name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo ble .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return display of the fragment and the path of the types .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the completion of all the os-api scale to a given axis .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a dataset .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait to puts video content to skip a function if a flag exception raised .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  exponents html with given text .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for pre-amplification .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract mentions integer from mentions to put it in [0 .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the representation of jitter that can be prime .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  create a zfs that matches the input data .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a bug with estimated connectivity .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads the android server .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a pair of length cut-set with elements removed .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  get the list of season numbers for which the fraction is true .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a library_dataset instance .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a specified page .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile matcher in a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the given api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories of the given package parameters .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculate the number of validation to hold a string .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  returns the right reshapes if we arent a float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save the migration before a boolean to save the instance to the output: .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute the command in the given pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a document and return it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  attempt to read executable files listed in a python file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  removes trailing headers from raw_line .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  loops through all published in a reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  convert estimator on prediction column .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the application to be done .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a mindtouch .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response against the response to get the response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood of x along the specified model .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  safely inserts text to an ssh string .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the test fixtures .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple wrapper for accepts a permission .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if a cache option is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return true if the given backend has been enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an iterator over the repository .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a list of tuples from issubclass .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with a qimage centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that a system-v is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  generate a safe aware datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns a bytestring version of text .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  computes the sqeuclidean dot product of two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  linux uses the same path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the given kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context of a given badge for the given course .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set time-frequency to the finds of the optimized state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all known results in this file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  show the list of main control files .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is in its file containing unit tests .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  returns true if the given hash does not already exist .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a boolean type .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind given parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  create an identity nodes from the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  small_stmt : flow_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to the initiator expected score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of elements in a tensor .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to return an iterator over a time of the partys base_pos: .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first set of interfaces and the user alias .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of view plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path to the current thread .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  dummy function for doctesting autoroutes .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the list of completed record for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if the named service <name> is enabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately around an assignment operator .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  get the whitening of a binary image x based on x and its generalized cycle of the principal the components of x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a storage srcdir function .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to amazon connection mapping file to the oxml api .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test gl gl backend .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load authentication data from a local file .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  returns characters of a string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return a list of all packages that have been upgradable or upgrade .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  replace placeholders fields with given text by key .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email containing a simple template .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize any given coordinate to support fancy names .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  this takes a list of image and joins it to a rpm version string .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple literal? .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the given flags is a update update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  formats a tsv format as an html document .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in an lvm command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  compose the series expansion of the files .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  plots a 2d differential column differential differential test on non-blocking .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  compute the manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  output layer to catch positions and return sha-256 .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that masked column of masked column can be written to a slice .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this method is a *very* way to be a unicode string .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return the path name of the given sysctl .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build a 2nd vector to match the right shape of the 2nd and builtins .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  add a summary of the various summary of a given summary file .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the procedure is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to make a function that returns a transaction .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  return comment event to adjust assets .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  makes a temporary repository that contains the associated value .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  generate image rois for rois within an rois image and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a substitution substitution .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  splits a simple test to determine if it is in the paths of the .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch queue is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  an option decorator to give us a task length .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table of groups with a table of shape .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we find the right string when it is not written .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary with all public values converted to a given cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  a simple replacement for azure access to the e-mail .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send a message in the given smtp message .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  fetches all the real note that we can do nothing .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a partition_id/group_id store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from path .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a binary string if it isnt already .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves ternary quadratic quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return a wrapper function to display if the node is a deprecated or url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given a 2-tuple of pkg pkg pkg contains a dictionary of modules tuples .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  return a boolean if the tenant does not exist return if the tenant was removed or if the tenant was created .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert a volume id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  ensure that the named element has not already been initialized .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a named tuple for all registered help files .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type from a course_id .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  deletes the given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: the absolute path of a file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a dictionary of hosts that were hosts and tests of the given test query .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get and add to threads from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch branch for bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  disable the system shutdown .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a full path for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates given ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get all the clusters in the input data .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths in the directory of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if graph g is distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a lazy page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls django 1 .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  obtain a cython text using the specified user .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  n-dimensional transform for each geometric transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check to see if a key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  allows a new transcripts item .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  construct a dictionary of data that can be stored in kumascript .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  used to regenerate the current contents of the next context .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  cold a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  to reduce a function from a it .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  obtain the git repository .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a event event list after the given object .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  converts a time in seconds to an excel buffer .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all file names and high-pass .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert naive naive package to disk .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  check if wdg is a valid config in the given directory .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by without .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns the list of all notifications that indicate a given user or dictionary of any top-level notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object given its name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if pymongo is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  escape a search for the given column .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  image should be pickleable .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  return the sum of samples from the project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert attribute values into a list of objects .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs flask dev server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of the one-letter one-letter one-letter should be equal to the eigenvalue; .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners complex on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  get the data directory path .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  solve the discrete lyapunov equation with x .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that we dont crash when a multiple of 0 is in our range .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that makes given function tasklet .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  resumes a port onto a working directory .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the path to the appropriate version of the file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the chop screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  remove the compact color space and set the comments/list .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a sequence of representation of a given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  verify that the python interpreter correctly handles a python 3 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  add a new entry for all killed .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  avoid using gentle extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve a fully qualified name to an asynchronous model class .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the keystoneclient connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if the target is not met and the same dependencies .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a share service object from a share .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  get the parsing characters of a grep on the x-axis .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root namespace .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  takes a dict and returns a new dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split the first path into a path and the rest of the path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  handle mongo client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  returns a parameter value that can be used as a point .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  return all the fields for a resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression in the expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server for calendars .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the current closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get a migration instance .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns the keys of a key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws client notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  add multiple adjacent characters to the end of a given random comments .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  loads and returns a string .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  digitizer certificate generation options to a new certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test the location of the java script .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized unnormalized that the squares for a given probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  a decorrelation is a constant term in the underlying dimensions .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a numpy matrix and returns a numpy matrix and returns it as a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event object for a widget event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  check unicode axes by column .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix for the given xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  start all applications for the database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a single start command line .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  load a module and retrieve a syntax .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  site a given value .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  searches a string for a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  get a string for a given user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  this resolves to optical .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the username and return a dictionary of files based on the device .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  switch to condition if the condition is returned .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a file object to a mne rather than it .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a possibly protobuf to its passwords parts .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the byte threads of all distribution parameters .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  returns true if the given key can be handled by the current user .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests a regression where we wont have a few epochs .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  request data to be updated without downloading the request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the wallis class for the given data .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  the purpose of the uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return a list of distance kernel modules cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data as a list of .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  perform a lxc config dictionary .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  marks a function as a template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of name=value pairs for each dictionary object .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of users representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  clean up after halting and exits .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create a list of channels that occur when the host is currently selected .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate temporary prime to file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate date from a base date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad the given list to the one .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get the input url for the given url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all filters .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run a code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given object to write to the given output .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  this method returns open anonymous cart or open cart if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return whether we are running inside a mitm .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  cast a string to a boolean .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a release that creates a reference to the given release label for the given ref .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  combined the content of the vms to the pattern .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get sorted convex portion of the other sorted by portion .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  take a function and return a list with corresponding and keyword arguments .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get warnings from the rest of datetime .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given the points that would be tested .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse the authorization header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a random dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse a method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get the value of a wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if the given path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  accepts a list of environment variables .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared squared error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller list / add question .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a simple list of slices to a new list of descriptors .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  return an items item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the base cache directory where ipython is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set customer' and quotation them to given accounts .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get a privileges if ovirt is invalid .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the volume type for a profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  :return: :return: a filter string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the pilight alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  set a given column-oriented role for its implicit name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve media version according to the given parameters note: this function accepts all standard hostinterface: keyword argument names differ differ argument names differ standard usermedia .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  function and checks whether it is installed and not the python installation .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if kubernetes checks that the path was available .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  upload a remote host to a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid anon .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to write a sysctl key to a sysctl file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags from the metadata for the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  pass additional entities to a command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test derivation created from numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is raised .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test loading of raw files .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow root to be via root of the login .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces a string with its correctness of the same length .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract step steps from the whole step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip zulip files during zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:m2 plugin introduces .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform all theta in theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical record for the given resource path and offset the doctest returns a tuple .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an c{name} table from the table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  signal to create a profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get scheduled configuration options from file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id to the group id or id cli example: .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns current time in seconds .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the path of the container used in this module .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  modify any data from the response .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a function that returns the noop as a noop parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put one or more system keyname : string name of the managed keyname cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a json tree of all path suggestions .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the specified quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a task from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  deferredgenerator and waitfordeferred help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change a new email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merge multiple solution to a tuple .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute a loading load method call this function implements the loading .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  writes a file to a directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the first local machine class that provide it to the given iterable .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  pass in the console metadata for an instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get the current migration directory .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  header that supports -tuple: .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  gets a list of hosts for the specified datacenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function for computing the directory that contains a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  iterator that yields data from a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return a copy of the values with respect to all keys having the dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  a context manager that atomically updates the input stream object .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  prints an exception dialog .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the system should be followed by the today .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a user has access to the user .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given url .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  removes a directory .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample from a sample of multiple container_networks model both the mixture algorithm .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience function to create a new usercontributionsmodel value .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set javascript in js and format module .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return the native native types and type .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least *seconds* .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  name: todouble args: byte array of data structures .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  convert a value to a human-readable integer .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a finite random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory for the given path .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return cylindrical to use in assure format .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger directory path .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  extracts the torrent info from the given hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns the default pen object .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  use latex to override latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address based on the pci address of the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a specific zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  a coroutine to fork images - async version of imview .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar function that will minimize our function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the format returned by the past warnings .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  if filename may be embedded to a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  create an environment dictionary based on the settings .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  create the distance distance specific corpus of the other distance to the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  converts an iterable of ticks to a sequence-string epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload configuration from time-based .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe a engine to an engine based on the rel_path api .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits changes to the current transaction and sets a new one .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the pointer to the beginning of a given type .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance or not .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the contents of a user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  converts a resource uri to a resource uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the temporal of a 3d tensor with weights .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  test that a regression version works with a given version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a new dataset with a indices .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to a new system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the path to the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns the id of a task instance .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an error if query-string .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an accessor that i i .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a dictionary of parameters to use with the oauth key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the content at the given unix socket .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next iteration .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into a colname .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a user dictionary using the executable in the tenant context context: a dictionary for generating capable request .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random os x .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load images from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the max value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the multiplier and the number of documentation in the multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user attributes .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  add a new version to sys .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns the current underlying local magic string .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a list of collection names field names .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily creds from the daily contributions in the given daily .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  parse a value to a encint .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in an ismaster way that will read the given file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  uninstall a files using opkg targets .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  if a table has a non-existent initial class .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes string value .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review form is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a provided data to 63 format .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns any urls into a valid url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates the stored warnings with the given data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a pandas scopes string to a scope target type .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the signal that may not be a order .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily add a proxy to the current context .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a list of arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  remove the specified powerpath from an http connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if shuffler module is mne .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is called with a error code .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  copy a function from a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  return a dictionary with all the keys in the provided dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  sets the http api for the application .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute direction loss for normalized over a angle of scores .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  the ascii functions have the given parameters .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime to the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  square -> gpudot scalar to use when input .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets opacity used for the image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  set the default value of the proxy .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file from a file of a python body .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  checks to see if an apache probe has been retrieved .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts the given file like obj to a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup app for sphinx extension .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds the windows feature and returns them .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show all youtube youtube trust trust to a show playlist .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for widget which is retrieved via a view .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  returns metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  handle the f-beta revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  run a number of queries in the database .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the comma separated list of a callable as a dictionary .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  indicate kind kind of the db .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  load an configured backend module from the master config file .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create the elimination matrix k_{p .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  parse the binary data as a string .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  return the chain of the objects which is found at some predicate .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the current tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a specific volume name the name of the new volume to be bound to attach .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator that allows a user to call another domain and returns a parseresult .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return the final status of the final statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  find target with the targets and return a list of targets in the form that depend between path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verify an exception level level functions can be executed .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for classes that need to be refreshed .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  return the first controller of a function .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the id of the specified network interface args: user_id: the specified clsid id to use for the specified unregister .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the set of frame that are available on this minion .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a new test'] .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render a json chunk of type and return as json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the files in the given co2 .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a dictionary of information in the user configuration file .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install private certificates and return the private key required by a task with the given private key .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs before the same state .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  handle handle database decode from advised .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return the courseusergroup for a given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load a yaml secret settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates the thumbnail code for an image via a thumbnail params .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  runs tests against the given thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  compile fnclex library and return a setup of failed .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  pass through supplied namespace namespace .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns a float and right degrees of the series .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  helper function to return data type vectors based on types of -items .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of unique elements in the integer n .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given language has been soft-deleted .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns all the semanage context associated with a specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  return the environment variable name of a jobconf .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of manifest to all of the path where the bundle files exist .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get the canvas string with the current color .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets up a signal handler for the given number of files .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database tables and content at the end of the database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  converts a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  produces a navigation key function that produces a navigation key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if all of the given pattern matches the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  get a moment copy of the ssl request .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read configuration settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items have no objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given course name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if the user has allowed to access a the last uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove the authentication from http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  returns a w2p .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  returns the given raw message with comments .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return an iterator over all the keys in the given directory .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that checks if the given object has a complete complete test .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the application .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  clone a sorting pep8 by multiplying a list of items .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add a node that exists in the class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse update string to a update .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  return a long int from a byte string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the video mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the current cli prompt .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all the vms present in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  check if we are inside a inside a inside a rounding .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions for scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract the info formatted from a file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of just decomposes .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write chunks to a string .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the expected value of a square matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which organisation the person is created from the training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  [elementwise] by tensors .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to define "weight" on your build failure .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get all registered review .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  get the profile for the local site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to the tool shed repositories for the installed tool shed object is called in the tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  sort a sequence of lists by adding a sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  get the current system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to setup the default database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number for random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an python application which is suitable for the given port .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a path to a relative url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if a field is a reverse excel field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds the controller for the lsi or starts as the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  disabled tcp approximation to pg feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  like iter_fiels but supports multiple nodes .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall an jumpserver app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the values in the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  returns a slug thats for the given language code .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serializes all tracks in one step to another .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  run the image and resize the images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test dot with a dot line of a vector .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  replacement for the service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the name of the current machine .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for horizontal spacing near logs .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the specified features provides the given response provides the ctypes .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a service which implements ssh management console to ssh management management management and a protocol management .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  delete all modules with the osfstoragefilenode in the tree .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a tuple of all the registered types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the given indentation .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return true iff some lists/tuples/other difference between the list of all possible difference .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the given module is valid .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  return the amount of letters with the given string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes the value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  performs a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input unsigned application-layer given a nan? instance .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory to load models from the diffchunkgenerator object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  returns true if the method enables a method with a chosen method .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock the tab editing dict for use as a javascript tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return true if the given doctype matches the given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack name is a valid resource name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type based on the distplot-specific flag .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create a unique temporary file name that starts a file and returns the next content .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the given function that maps the specified arguments to stock .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  return a mailchimp that jenkins to the mailchimp api described in the mailchimp way .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  gets the size of the default size of a tuple .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the binary tree object .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf and save some mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  generate a soap method to nid .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  a little helper function that formats a list of message sizes .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to key .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  regression test for bug that would actually to_string to crash the right at runtime .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  lists all service classes and return data .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize field value using a string .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  remove the cli server and run the startup script .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a list of ctype values and returns a dictionary with the received class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new setuptools point for this test .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that will stay be a decorator to inline retrying .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears given limit from the given config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple wrapper for making a simple rpc method that uses the list of numbers .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  raise typeerror if x is a native string containing x .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  linux the filesystem path and returns the contents of the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  iterate over all lines of a text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  delete a member to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps an eauth python interface .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  this decorator takes a string and returns a boolean .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create the command line for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key object .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for externally .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  decorator for running transaction management .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  a decorator to compute the index of the called function .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first two dimensional .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorator to protect a wsgi application to be rescored with a skip .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  utility function to exact rate limits .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if the python object has a syntax .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of escalated tuples of a pathname .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a matplotlib ellipse object based on the matplotlib color cycle .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute hiera and return the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  turn some integer entries into a list of integers .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  return a list of unique elements of a given paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace special characters with a newline .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  example: method to return the preferred server selector .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for supply distributions .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns an iterator over the current iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  sum of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  example out the one of the given file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the creation of a mime-type code object .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of a payload .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update key with a updates library related object .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  true if a matrix have a 2d numpy array .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  scan a module and return the tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  get task data from the database .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days of the password for this minion cli example: .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid argument .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  verify that the ast node is deleted .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  given an user object this function tries to retrieve the string representation of the user object which stores the given an identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  check some common errors .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a consolidate components from s to a single consolidate .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  yields chunks of slices for the udivisors sequence .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  to compute the image data type of a distribution .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  creates a new representation of the databases .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read a list of node zones from a node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  helper opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test randomized model creation from python with different parameters .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information of the last call .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  array indexing with optional optional value .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear the cache for given document .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split test into two list of es strings and bad bad characters .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db directories are marked as a file .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  retrieves all registered apis from the current existing list and return them in a dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  calls source strings from one source to another .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a file in a sequence of words .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: least this trigger can be configured in the ui .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  this function converts v to a pure point .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  test that genextreme is passed in .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed valued of the values of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if there is a kmeans attachment .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets password page .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 or rgb array of one array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python function to get a python aggregate object .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a new dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  gets a dictionary of commands and their ip addresses .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  custom view to render a custom certificate template with the given context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator of the best generated matches the given matches .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  ensures that argument passed in json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within a matrix of expr examples .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of events to identify the current event .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a remote endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  resize a file system on partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment of hstack .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  inner decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines whether the given django settings is a script .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  set up the hosts for the eeg sensor .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  guess a traceback that can be passed as a specified pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  retrieves the list of jobs which were completed by a particular jobs .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing only the methods .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  return a detailed node with child sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  return the path to an hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  list metric for a user .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  set the obey .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  deletes a column that is associated with the specified name .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  for testing .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test for path->class .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of child tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print colors .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove scipy arguments that are deleted during the file specified by the url .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a seq-object .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve a previously registered object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on the passed value .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return python documentation that into python documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of targets in the current database .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set the correct traces override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the unicode dsym directory .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test that volume names of volume names are available .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function to get a series of accepted views .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  link to the visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract the json response body from a json file .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the rotation angle for a float in effect .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a coala .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  generate any article/page sequence of a 2d numpy array .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the object from a string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items with joined elements .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir targetctx functions .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a dataset class instance .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  find a list of pages with translation .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a list of rss entries .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing temporary test files or dirs .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  signal handler to login in the users account .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract configuration and return them .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get the api-proxy blob instance from api-proxy .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to execute policy function or method in any context .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the actual post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate docker-py fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a new request object .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return each of the best used to bind the given words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  merge the entire item from the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  return a valid bytestring string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the appropriate version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  compute the h=1 and ill-posed .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  raises the exception if the function fails .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the same value of xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute the ang noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  this is a reassemble with a list of modules .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  return an expression of the rewrite derived from an expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a given filename .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks that the cmd is valid and can have a certain host .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the given index .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  get the string representation of an object .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a file in a local file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  handle to useful useful to work in something arguments .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face indexes from the edge indexes .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a conda command with pyenv shims using pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the twilio text .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine zero or more model instances .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  friendly function to catch the trace .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  folder add to preselected folder .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the sample arithmetic variance .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a list of lines and yields lines parsed from a tree file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  verify that the observer returned by the observer when the event was passed to the expected class .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  list of running jobs .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  this is a shorthand that should be called to clone a task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static files to the static directory that contains the models of the static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  execute a function in a findcmderror .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  return its admins which exclusively library has been set .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  internal routine to build the keys for a series .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns true if datetime is a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a notification dispatcher .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  fast typing and restore the generated by the generated tags .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a matrix to the host .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  get the csrf token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find the manifest file that contains all the rules in the passed font .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  given a string of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context by use the current session .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns the current identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  configure passclass .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a given message to log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  raise a e-mail if the bytecode is true .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return combination of soups .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get a child child of the given trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the pair of longest values from the longest list .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a relative path from a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search location of the search .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues on the guest config .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  parse a list of services .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of matches the given pattern name parallel the portage names of the given pattern .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  retrieves unlocking info for zen or search units .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns a dict of xdg config files for numpy .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  prints the most derived that the arrive will contain the first null wavelets .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return results of given sum .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram of squares .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  make sure that no directories exists .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load if the mysql server is available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a given value as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp factory method connecting to the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the full path to the info as a string at the path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit the program on an event .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a plugin formats and return its installer .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  compatibility wrapper to help method for the process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  return the data found in the file named filename if found .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a direct loops in a list of loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  return the revision id of the last change to the prod-requirements file .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an error page .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  wrapper around the database extra fields .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  remove invalid characters from the string representation .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the value after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  factory function to get/create the user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when an authorization should be enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter xml indexable xml attributes .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a pretty format string from a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return an iterator over all requirement .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  get information about the theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return information about a file .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to the yaml file that created the yaml summary of the file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  walk the task argument as a schema: argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  returns the entropy of x in bins of the bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  return an instance of the build to the file server .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a simple example of the source code .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create a schedule for a given url .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues the given stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first item from a list .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds the arn level after each row of the tree is in it is an unpacking-non-sequence .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorator that tests the decorated test if the test is in use and is in the case .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  calls vtk and hide the objects to be objects .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a nlmeans pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  constructs a compiled device instance from the given data structure .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  slugify regex -- return an ascii-only string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the debug debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  disable console pointer on the owner .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like self .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates the javascript source to export and saves the result to its beginning .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files below the users folder .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  preload and return the test module when considered a configuration .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create the full name of the specified python version .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules sql .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  return true if the container does not exist .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  returns string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches all available logs logs .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given message to the parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert a file type to the bufsize type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  function used to determine if a condition is true .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  method to insert given the value of the dsc variable .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  check the secret key of the given secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  create a chi-squared unsigned array for some application .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  get requests .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of user objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts all the links information from the document .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses complex file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop an image onto the specified dimensions .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file to the configuration .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local name with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  take a list of integers and return a tuple containing the corresponding but the results of the input values .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for a group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  select the hypergeometric function from a list of 1st dimensional this function is the index of the input .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  serialize the type of a callable .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  attempts to encoded string in a bytestring .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  generates a list of arguments .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a function that uses the greater greater than one argument passed in the helper function .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  return the sequence of op numbers via the op .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a orphan .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  get the thread count of a thread name .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a time series of human readable unit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a partial tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a cube .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: scenario -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  set the alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the first part of the path at the beginning of the path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal components with a constant constant estimator .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a db module to a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator within the page that has been updated as the given start .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  return the contents of x as vectors .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  render an existing values into a file .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to extract date and split it into the default date format .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  takes a url and returns an mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two connection in a separate connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  get the extent and all the extent of a given phrase .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  coefficient is a version of bounds .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  get empty string .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression code which the finder the expression is usually usually usually the finder should be inserted inserted .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object from a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get the time in iso 8601 format .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  registers the log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all required information available to this minion cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator function for decoder .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  sets the local dict mapping from the local dictionary to the local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return an api function with the current agent .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the leading leading bytes from a file .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  an assertion that changes the py_name to the next context .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file by path to the designated folder .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a certain value for the given type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  expands argument types .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  importing os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of paths to load models .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  load a default pathext rules .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources with hidden migrations .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  retrieves the result of a proxy instance from the sample .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of a pokemon centered with respect to the given number of 0 .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the number of snapshots of the specified snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise truth value .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate the given value against the given type .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function for getting a single sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  view for login parameters: proxy user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the gauss-chebyshev conductance volume nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode data in base64 format to base64 format .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  compute project factors of data for all arrays parameters x : float .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  migrates the given database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return the windows compiler for the given compiler .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  cast_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a mask to list of indices along the cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a continuous initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns a list of all possible debug lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show information about a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the center of the pixel .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a specific aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a set of active contributors for the given product .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  creates a rpc method for a class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge all the tables .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if the user is in the log hour .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return a threadsafe function that behaves the correct number of dimensions .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors in x .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert bytes to a number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return view of a user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  get the number of chunks in this file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  runs all and returns a list of objects mapping by all associated objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace the data of data with a different expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  create the parser object prepared to render the options for the given argparse .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a human-readable notebook as a human-readable or a0 version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a simple csrf request object .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run one or more system command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  gets a permission model for the given model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dictionary of reserved elements of the item in a list .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  writes a message to stderr only immediately if the python interpreter was invoked with the -o .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  determine if the function node is used to create a function name .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss and positives loss between predicted and target_image .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  resolve an event on a track header for events .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a list of class name for the requested module .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into multiple sub values .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  render a string into a profileentry aware see also: for the given document .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the user input from the minion .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  stores the original image with the same name .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group of the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a geoexplorer .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities at the given feed from the activities .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform node start_time on the region and node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  returns the server id for the specified proxy hash .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a string with a given string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the running resolve .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single xml file and creates a new one .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  perform a random gate of the circuit circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  creates a table for a project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot of a template id from a template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write the dad checksum of the specified object type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return string to be used for unset builtin .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all installed package names .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot to the given exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  set/get a named meter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return array of maximum along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get list of all recursively processes multiple filenames .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a provider and a supplied resource id .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group role for a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  construct a face .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import info on an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured cache .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  same as twisted .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to an email .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  collect with kwarg .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  add a callback to the queue .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  pause the basic drip .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes made on the local node .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  generate some rotation matrix in dask .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirects the user to the support page they were support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to create a fake collector .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns a random challenge to be used with milliseconds in length .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if the key matches a filter alias .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  called when a user wants to access a session .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  prepare data for tensortype object raw bytes .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a file object to a .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn remote server .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image with its dimensions .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validates that value is a valid zipfile .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the particular dbref is a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return weighted sweep as a long .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a unique backend for the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the xml tree of a specified uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested vector methods to a method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns default string representation of a given python object .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return image with the least two images .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix to obtain a 2-d point value by the specified number .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that enables notifications to see if this node is valid .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  reverse of an opcode literal .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create potential potential description from a documentlistaclfeed .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the gauss-chebyshev cut of a pair of polynomials .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value of a positive integer to a positive int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  return a human-readable string representation of the provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check if the historys contains the specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  read a number from an sql byte string .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  constructs the given string from the json text .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a key from the specified file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the application directory where this catches a compute engine metadata .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  compare a single test to count the same .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the string value as an integer .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a cluster status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the available port of the given node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the canon if p is a copy of the supplied p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return url to be used in studio and flash on this node .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  dynamically add a validator to the user .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  check if there is expired or is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path from a path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a class instance of a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if a socket has been written with the minion .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named container .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: mask-passwords this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  fbeta a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse usage/specific and return its key as a dict .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  convert bytes to panel in iterable .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this is a cross version of print_exception .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository for the current operating system .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  clear the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path of the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merge the given list of strings .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a list of used to load used by test modules .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generator of integer n .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for representations of one independent object to the transductive decorating .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  return tag matches an index or its tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  expr a user id and return the pointer routines .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict of files with the desired metadata and their files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  get the path for the extras of a package for the given app_name .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates an api calls for each ads .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  saves the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  helper function to generate a test fake shapes .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  if the current greenlet has a configures plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test reading and writing of creator data .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add slashes on a osx .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of previous loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a environment from env or fail using the environment .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value to the lists .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  mask to convert to an array of events .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping must be joined into a turning host .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  return the checksum of a 64-bit byte string .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return list of current python commands .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates that value is an integer or integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with query and/or broadcasting to the given user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return list of all of the running ppid .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that start with column names from optional start and start with optional start .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  return the hash of the data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a vector is a size of a tree .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  in the authn authentication mode .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random metadata stored as a generator for the pcs database .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  a function to replace a kroneckerdelta expression with a rational function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dict of relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery job id .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  sets the http notification based on the server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  return true if a given path is a file .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  return the installation installation directory from which to use .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute path of a list of paths relative to the operating directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  fetches all templates from available template .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a dict of all application/x-download services in the given error id .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  take a dictionary with the keys in a .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list only list with tagged and tag sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get or disable axes axes according to same axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy files to another directory .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  helper to check if a machine exists in the system .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the boxes to the cola mailbox .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  simulate a sanity check on the first element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  makes a test suite from doctests .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  only return a list of enabled objects contained in the given objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  aux function of 32-bits lists into a generator which are big-endian big-endian .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a string to stdout .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the main peak function for registering the fact fact .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests workflows of this function ensures that escape-backslashes has been parse a escape-backslashes .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  remove the named comment .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  accepts a datetime as follows: used by date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns the current time in the current context .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  return the language code for the language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  gets the score at the given index .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  tell whether the command passed to the list .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset in length length in generator .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  return the lookup name corresponding to an getincrementalencoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of udivisor .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site name .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if theres a path at the provided path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show the terminal info about to the terminal .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  recursively reverse a single test coeffcient sizes that dont have saved paths .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test when designer is created .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return the leading degree of f in x_0 in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a bem flow for testing .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  the main function for a given target data .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the config is not available .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets an collectionsummarymodel summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified user .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  returns a list of shape after list of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  get the profile model instance from the app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate adjacency paths between nodes and directed .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name to create a database user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the port to connect to connect to connect to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove one that removes the uploads headers for the specified headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a assembly assembly assembly to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on system code .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an ecdsa pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel kernel x in x and class .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete all instances of the given server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn the data file pointer for its gl .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  get the absolute version of a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default approximate contact for attendance .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast for the given config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the redis server unix pattern cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the number of active usage or or vm to separate .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether the object would work when the right proxy .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  formats a line of chi-squared for correlations .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  return a random string with random seed :return: a random string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the upnp contributions for the given host+username+password .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of an array .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the provided job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the last pair of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  creates a new view and also parse the test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return tsv .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read the special characters from the given filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  read an affine file by rads data .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  the constructor for the arrays .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the index of *a* in a in sparse matrix .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  take a list of boolean values that arent either a tuple or tuple of the outputs .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  optimize meg by generating successfully .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a list of tensors .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data retrieved from f-value meta .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  get about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  find an iterator over the objects in the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if the only if the given files has uncommitted source .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log an error with an expected error code .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is the path to a bad created .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  convert a column number to a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  parses a configuration file and returns a tuple .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses the xml word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  used to recursively my files and directories .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should return absolute path if given and exists .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a sequence of creation world into a form that finds the same form .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : map sep field_seq | map enum_seq field_seq | map sep .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot a figure and a figure .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  uses the logs .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create unique hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  format static file using django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the special rss url for given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  perform a tornado http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get position of a sentence list .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  perspective view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  will take a file and return its dom version .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the parent argument is valid .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running system cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a new task .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many [a using dsk2 .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  utility method to get module module view .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  create a interior random expression with a key function .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  undo the effects of the array .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision flocker for a node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return binary binary xor of a given path .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the the the the the mounted pointer attempts to get the cola device object .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a time value from an excel "date" value .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating chunks .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk functions for data .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute the nroots .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a call that matches the specified width .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a list of packages using the specified package version or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate can be parsed by the certificate arguments: certificate : the certificate to be verified .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  remove generated files and directories .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  reads a elementnode from a protobuf query .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  draw the random string to draw .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the open logs up the request .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of & & & reachable .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  if there is an empty string .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options related to the module .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip address is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure that its possible to use the process .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  gets the volume tag named volume name .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  create database record in database record .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds the --gae-sdk option to py .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  set up a mod using taylor series .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  disallow default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  insert a ssh element into a series .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return a boolean or system prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the data for a file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  take a sequence of text elements and returns a new one that will be started for the highest .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  gets user name and its profile name .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  modifies the login form .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  returns the default component used for unset passwords cli example: .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if encoding is in the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check for diffs .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  returns the chi-squared function to be used with scenario 2 and height .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deleting a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a package is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil definition based on multiple plots .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if the current site is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the alternatives exist .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  registers the event as complete .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a privileges from a client .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a protocol for the file protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  helper function to open a file and load the database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task that does not exist .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random published array .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively map workshop to map .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the diff of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  function used by pootleenv when running this function returns none .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  long legged doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  creates a new plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  create a base method that creates sync sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints given stream to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  wrap source code for converting a string of statements .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure that its easy to correctly handles url encoded uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of available ctid .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  changeset the latest non url for the given api .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a package version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that dict1 and desired arrays are identical .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test covariance of arithmetic random arithmetic test cases .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  retrieve all breakpoints info .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in hdf5 file from the file system and returns a dict with the data .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that go go over the task .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate adjacency line numbers for directed data .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate a random string for the given data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for _eprocess .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  returns matching command line filters and its initial state .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topics trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this decorator to specify the callback function in the threaded runner .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a human-entered string .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit chars of string s with all occurrences of s .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data structures for binary expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a file object for use in a url .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two package versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test the classification report .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  turn a dictionary of pairs into a new dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the password matches the given password and that the expected value .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return the id associated with the given name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns a country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that macro expansion doesnt segfault when .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  converts the fields of a row and a row of one of the fields for a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with a string of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a keys .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a random strategy for the bipartite graph g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period of minutes .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  reboot a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by the os x .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  code to return true if all the stack socket was imported .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  walk a directory and yield each full path that is all the each setup .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get information about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  return a tuple from a filename or a tuple of a source .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  check if something that would be accepted .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize python data to a file .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  returns a bytestring version of text .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle probability of a data matrix .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  list dropbox folders for given addon .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return linear gradient gradient for a given start and end gradient .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  look for a bucket metadata in the given bucket and return a dict of its metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a list of numbers to a julian string .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  merge dask bag by <text> .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  accepts a timestamp .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper to apply the model from a configuration dictionary .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  calculates the rank for a given rgs .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a random folders of css .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  recursively ensure that the contents of a tar file .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of all known theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a word for the given socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  mark a user as fresh but with the same name .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by a project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create the progress group of the data for each row in its contents .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get the list of changed or added files .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator that checks if a test is in testtools .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the build platform for the given platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the given url has explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the configurations path and the current thread .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp + tz_offset into a datetime instance of a datetime instance .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean the nans sequence of a numpy array with the 2d set of arrays .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that places load on the cluster by performing load .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get line of the package .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the mysql server is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this is a new database (a) test that includes errors to avoid errors and corrects them .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture that simulates etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  helper function to get and/or reverse the given arguments .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test method to pass this topic to the report filter .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  conduct a bridge on the given data .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the provided repository is a malicious malicious revision changeset revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the signal handler for the daemon .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return list of valid serial serial serial by serial symmetric .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  checks if we are running on os .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the compiler class with the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  a simple view to test window .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get average precision of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  somebody available to the web queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match named groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete log operators function .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse the siteclass .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct an xml node to the specified type .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs an appropriate clusters on the data sets of a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates a syntax error to another error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a str using the specified flags .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  context manager to return a generator which yields examples .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates if the given model is a valid model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to confirmation an icon name for use with multiple confirmation .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter out which yields cyclic dictionaries .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the fetch token from the compute node .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sample a sphere process that can generate a sphere .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the platform returns false if the os was made to set .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  compute formal integral from the current compute node .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print the layer string .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : writeme returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a get_home_dir() command line options .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  display command line access authentication .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from rest server .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for access keys in the specific keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  fixtures: demo .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  create a hierarchically process for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process containing a named container name .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  get a list of devices .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists in influxdb .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load if the mysql execution module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form field with the given field .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by its name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a shell command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  configure the input data to use for a web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel kernel x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  create a pointer to the given function as a cffi type for a cffi .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convenience method for executing a child process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using the package with a given virtualenv .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a python structure that can be imported from the regression graph .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  display a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop the new uploaded .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is a file-like object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  a helper function that outs the ar(1) .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs disk space to initialize the disk usage and case-insensitive .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the set of properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a file that makes any msb .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  finds the parameters for a given graph and add the new shape .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set field on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a predicted column as a union column of a to none scalar column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  returns a slice of the list containing the content of the string .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a sending response .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics and analytics ids of a list of analytics ids .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  get the request instance from the current request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager to allow testing connection to a given request http object to be updated at the along body .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  calls daemontools .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait for prompt to be done .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  replace pecl with unix warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register custom check to be supported .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add an entry of domains to stderr or directories if we want to construct a domain provided .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds the value of the given setting to the actor instance .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the influx sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract steps into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  mark a cookie in the current session .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  determine if the source to be embedded into a fixed polygon .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get authentication url for the vbench .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads the contents of a file and returns as a bytestring string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if ~ is not implemented .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the configuration of the persistent file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  raise typeerror if x is a ascii string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  random()*i an image from a png image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the current line of the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  store_false a collection with a measurement .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test to make sure the reader ignores text at the beginning of fields .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the function c{f} to a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test the python function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of files which have been untracked .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove specific interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  a cherrypy way to get the cherrypy results of a given list .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  marks that the given user have closed cart or set .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test transformations .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being asked to look up a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  display filtered by default locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect all the discussion from a given discussion on discussion with a save socket .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of words strings within a test string .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  determine the default stim saturation .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear mine from pillar data .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a url to a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a hadoop ast .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep the mac .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  get a sorted collection of collection sorted by collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  guess a sparse matrix to a given set .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  override a function to update a deploy setting .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  when we are running with a vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up the total in the lines from a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user from a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  a simple sort two array with one level of the appearance used for this .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a new service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for each node of the nodes of g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  generates a timezone and returns its contents .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the max between images and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the sender from the file .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  deletes a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test that a user can view the given username .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  chown a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  installs one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email after event invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of the process containing a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load a configuration backend for the specified build .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we have properly without the same number .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  ensure that its possible to properly we have a good application directory .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create a new autoscaler instance for the given target group .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  local_gpu_elemwise_0 -> elemwise inplace .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a string of all of the process names .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  create a attrgetter .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  return the the values of the given dict of ownershipperiod .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  list imgadm search : boolean toggle search : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get current column cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get a get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  jobs which args: controller : the raw distances .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format a multiple screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a maximum distance between any non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  returns an or-ed version of the outputs which is currently installed .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to trigger a client if he doesnt exist .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  apply a profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two floating point values are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether a user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the given path is a system if located .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the type of the current packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize bookmark completion for all the bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the path to the users data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the unfulfilled address according to the configuration of the given url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive xml .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  separate the list of activation owned by samples from samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get a user by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove ? or ?unc prefix from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group edit for group field .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the value of the defaults in the list of defaults .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  exclude calls to 'ic' .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the values of a signed version .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a decorate .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the gateway object from the same object cacert_path function .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  normalizes the source string .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a three authorization and for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications of current user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that all zeros functions can accept zeros .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  test that the chargeback suite is functioning correctly called by the reason .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  applies a gaussian field to the default path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  give user for ready-for-l10n .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return system-wide = ; if you want to use in hypergeometric .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a postgresql postgresql .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk section of a file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the list of groupings ordinal rows for the given group .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete the generated files .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  returns a due date based on a posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a helper function that returns a spec .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  admin about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime instance to a microseconds timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  safe function to create an identity specific context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  attempt to determine if a given process has a given thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a response .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  get the query results for a given server_url .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  return a context manager which launches a correct local virtualenv for the given local file .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  up a database object that runs commands with the given name .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  an iterator of strings .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted list of courses that have been sorted in the given course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return a file paths to the specified directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  test if a function variable is returned .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this is an pootle code node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure that a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  patch information about a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container id to a container id .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get a schema from the database .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse out which of a nested dict .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump message but captures the message to log .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test serviceprovideeditview .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email marketing .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  set the required params for the verbose account .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the specified address for a port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  helper method to calculate an image from the input image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get a tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the image at the specified position .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test single line utility function .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the yeelight binary sensor platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  set whether or not the default value can be a certificate .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to an application .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth data for assembly pdf auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  return the same item as the items of a sequence .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty file and empty list .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set one or more elements to the exposed .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return file path path path portion of glob slashes .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select the stochastic individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load data for the builtin .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  decorator to skip test if msg is true .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  clean flowgrams to any sff files in the sff list of sff folders .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  decorate a function to be called via a functions of a specific object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  select the applications base url .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  a function to call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  map two arrays by y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if a numpy array is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  walk importing importing in the given module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether a string is a properly formatted relay part of lines in the input .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test when nonexistent extra mode cannot be loaded .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  drops changes unless the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  left rotates the absolute value of the hermite function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the indexing relationship between w and targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a logical process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend the two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  abs(z) := .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a data to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse datasets gives the same result as samples .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch a new fetch record for fetch .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  verify if setup page is valid .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign completions to a certain per object for the object type .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  return user copy of the current user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the binary sensor platform fo enocean .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  combine text1 from a list of pairs for google storage .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse the html and return a dictionary of symbols and values .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  returns true if x x is a explicit == x .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from all installed pages .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the encoding used by the locale to compress encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  return the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete delete of the user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  returns the contents of the adjective logic of a adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  make a user out of a valid python identifier .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the current secret from the machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  finds a string or assigning definition to a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize senate integral data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track object for a given server_url .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user id to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a new app instance configured with the given settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the results of two datasets .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  removes the strings .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for processing support .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare bem surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize list of commands and their transforms .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes standard normal 1d transformation for a given distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the number of unique facts for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a wsgi token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if 0 is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  return a generator that yields corpus over the items of a file .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split the given list of candidate groups into a dict of items .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  decorator to calls a function under a positional and dump .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of proxy zone .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a flag .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a wsgi engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return an httpresponse with the given name .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot axes using the specified case .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of unique clades .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  return list of packages matching packages .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  removes the local context for the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write fif info to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  parses an specification into a time with the given schedule .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get everything based on organization name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get all metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function to output a list of optional optional optional key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the csrf text from request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return the current database instance .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* chunks from the socket .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  gets the scaled apps for the given app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  gets a document object that can be used to get the document .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  add a list of ipv6 addresses to the system path .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a mime buffer and returns a data mime buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users to the user .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the contents of the specified path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new purpose with the default locations for the purpose of a list of dicts .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  function and return the true if all layers are available .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function which is the function used to generate a function that will return the function from a test suite .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test start with no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return integer as a string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a node .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to registers a session to echo back .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if the given user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create an instance of a create create a new executables window unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_class_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a list of module instances from the given module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute a list of labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if a given list of topics keys exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  concatenate all the upper get() for each state .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return true if no images exist on the polar cli example: .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  applies any object references in a thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get norm version by version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  returns a string representation of a type .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of a table in the specified table and return a list of servicing if the table exists .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the full url from the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value with statement that the given iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  display a dictionary representing the smart button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  return the copy of the supplied dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a taxon identifier according to the shell .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  attach tree namespace at the given namespace .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return the residual graph of nodes in g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve or unlock a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to see all configured items for an start in a specified profile cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  configure output to a dot format using a specified format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set environment variables for ip_nonlocal_bind .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  replaces whitespace characters with a valid unicode name .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the most recent best instances .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes statistic .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given named database is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  import the class and return a dict of the formatting .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test control of dataset .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an alloc timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert a path from a bucket .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the flat parameters from a file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  create a flaky run run t on port .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the ps for a given process jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with table starts and 59171828 .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with a get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a satoshi random number with custom words .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test the variable of a file .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all user from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints all the results in the asdl files .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  upgrades websocket to negotiate .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  testing the jacobian flow .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the 14 vendor from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a spam folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  tries to interpret the ico effect of the ico graphs .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  view that returns a password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  resolves a configuration file to the users home directory cli example: .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  return n coefficients of the absolute value with coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to generate a random hash according to the specified digest .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  commits the menu support for fetching qutebrowser .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  configures and return individual suffixed .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets a thread pool object by its asynchronous capacity .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  creates a trivial graph of the given graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if the object is of an instance of the consumed .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for defining directories .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy append to raw data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  search for file descriptors that was made by the fewest .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a subdictionary object based on the prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  take a string consisting of a python modules that matches a python include_dict .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  return the os usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  fixture that provides a headerchecker instance .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a devices to the devices .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  remove files that belong to symbolic do not have been removed .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check that a given python version is a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets the log level level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create the mode we created for elasticsearch requests .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a simple worker with simple worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent string has been set .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  raises exception if the requester can do not exist .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode string value from hex to plain format .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function num-to-keep: .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate data with user with email address in access .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a string to unicode string .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the current ssh version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract snmp from snmp data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the current api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to exported the exported portion of the running cache .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content of the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of numbers to count the string .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  it creating an array that represents a given interval .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in the range as a tuple .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified project and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a given number of values .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that sequence of sequences of sequence data were even .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds descriptor instance assuming descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  index a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require an inherited aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode string to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a mainly version of every line .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the representation of the expectation in the given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the named traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command details .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the hybi-07 hash using the specified hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  generate a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of the from a mapping of the file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method that validates whether the user can access the blocks for the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the length of the shortest path between source and target using the a* algorithm .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  get sympy .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers and all containers in a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the modified time of a module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the content with the given text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge two keys .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the map of the discussion id for the specified xblock id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  flag an auth function as exempt from the given context .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or more roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  load a module and retrieve a syntax .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  retrieves a resource logging ips .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular step steps into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for the compensation data in the form .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  retrieve generatedcertificate of ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns source file or off a random blank strings .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether events on remote events is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  returns a list of the gamma function for the given julian .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to identify a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  return the expected line number of the function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  validate an sms message containing one or more smtp .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an instance of exponential data function for use with a different exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  iterate over the ssh object and returns the offset string as tuple of saved offset .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica data raw data raw raw data .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if the platform is true .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json user story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version string and year depending on the given version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of an event using a strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering dtmf accept section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function provides the transaction data to a list of words .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return full path to the user-shared urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return true if running instances been relocate .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  click an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  used to echo strings to echo a single test .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the request matching the given list of master and ajax .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  applies any field or tuple in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  decorator to return all accessible accessible to a course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano tensor of theano multi as a function .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  used by ldap api that only contains ldap values .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes an entity by protocol .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test basic data in a readable format .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean false >> make_boolean(1) true >> make_boolean(0) false >> make_boolean(+) true >> make_boolean(-) false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a socket to a engine-level packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write a restify file from a restify .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a list of feed copied objects .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete a particular pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  make sure that a given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  benchmark name of the ordinary processs .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip from a fixed ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the shortest join between nodes in the graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test a bootstrap bootstrap settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  create logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  this generator flattens a list of dicts to use in attribute instead .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get a list of all user ids .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set up a certain message to every managed message .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find type by type .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a none filled serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns a valid region code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  return the set of the empty output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  generate a new image containing the shape and edges .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  takes a string of iterables references and stores it along the way of the statement axis .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  makes sure the encoder for the given type .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the contents of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user needs to log in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a set of lists to create examples: .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  bind a given values to the given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a numpy array of the same hue as the rng between 0 and lab2 .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function is needed to select a time of sine data from the standard error .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename or file from the given api url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  provide a bpderror environment .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get a list of built-in beetsplugin that have been previously pushed .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  look for the host functions that decode from the xenapi host reference to .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a cookie name that joins a given type with a list of strings .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return true if the given json response code has a matching content .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  coverts a datetime object for a given expiry date format .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the restful notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  remove all logs stored in the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  metaclass an exception for the environment environment with the given prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return true if the specified file name is a negative line .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  format a string to html according to the line .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  get all table names from the database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  return the index of a file of the line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  return the minimal date .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  replace fileobj unit references in a x .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return true if d is a valid percent percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the series of the given width period and width .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  writes the closing data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  if you want to a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  establishes log record if being built by last_build .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns the mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  get the indent hint line of the given bar .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the output colorless within double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke the panel event .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  returns the difference between two lists of equal values .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  resolves a python function so that its response will fail if python interpreter .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load social auth current redirect to context .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  fail the given exception if the datastore has a value .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test that unbounded function with unbounded reads unbounded values .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and return a list of parsed markup .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add template to space or raise if the proper namespace doesnt exist .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  gets the file from the given path .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast an argument to an int or cast .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a formatted date formatted for a time .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  renders messages with context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  returns true if the path of the dependency is within the dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to the given *inspect .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  attach a logging handler to the python root logger .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  return a list of the progress attribute that represent filenames for the given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  utility function to create a common array for majority data from each layer .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  logs out default and move to failing from positioned .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  return the user environment for the current user this request .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal hash of a given length .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  starts the route for a search history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  return a json file object with the gzip in cache .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command in a subshell and wait until it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  l{safe_str} matched text .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that assign a stack policy to a tenant policy .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a query string containing a dict of values .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  sorts a flavor list based on the flavor and the sort sorting .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux version .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  principal components so that it does so that the input data is 1 .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  process lines of input image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if we are asked in the file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns a list of oslo_config names from the evaluates suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  count the attribute from the item .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile string of the type of a file-like object that reads the file type of the file byte objects .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer in primer allowed to mm .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return unix text in text safely like a default string .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve the ethernet token for a given django api .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the given count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  return the class registered to the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to call l{mktime_real} on subprocess .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a package for the given package .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input mlp function for a vector object .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the special info file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  determine which draft should use for the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if pymongo is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy is a scipy coefficients and aborting on scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  decorator to trigger a warning to _global_custom_objects api for authorization messages .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  get a sort of integers as a collection of integers .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the version of the configs configs is being used .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  a context manager to allow the current theme to override the given theme as the given theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create all tests in a list of modules .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  returns indexes from lists .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix header into a list of fields .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return a list of unique id from seqs that maps .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a calculate and return a hash for the given hash hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns extent of the number of all sections in a specified grid .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds the extension info to the given suffix .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the home directory for the user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  gets a human readable type string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a transform by making sure the terms involving b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort dict of keys based on values of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the default widget for the given type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process the current process .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look for the key in the registry for an installed host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto item .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a function has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  validate and return value for type .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  create a continued length of a region region .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content content .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a 2d line of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a map .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns data as a queue .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a msg version of obj .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  provide a recwarn which would provide a known decorated class to each test database .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  runs alter on a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the mattermosts group of a step group .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the current directory of the device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a prespecified song from a pcap song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a <value> coordinates to human readable form .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  compute the desired types of a variable and shape .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  a master tour for whether or not tour returns true if the tour key exists .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate statistic for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given language is the same language as the http/2 .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new remote thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return the meta message and project as a string representation of the api to display it as android overwriting the platform .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  converts a url into a pair of two-element tuples .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  prepares erfa address for all erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is a virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate pip .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  parse a canonical key .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a _connect graph object .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return true if document is single given doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the address is an valid .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of the fiff file at the specified position .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if the directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add components to a problem if the problem is true .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  provide the html page for the application .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys back to the less occurred .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where should be supplied .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a numpy array with the given shape and zeros .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new org .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create and initialize a test suite for use in tests .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the message has a particular type .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  milestone add form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates the local reference dict based on the local reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  gets the digit number from the given argument .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct type based on type and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  default zone information for a given schema .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given a list of :class:~datetime .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  converts a subscription entry to a 2-tuple of subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a simple timeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a 2-tuple of numbers to a python int .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetches the refs in a remote location .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks if a file has access to the given source file with the given source code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  gets the set of the given rank from the given surface architecture .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a windows configs file from the data directory .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  makes a new figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  constructs and returns a new variable with proper value .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  converts a term to a raw term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this endpoint is used .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all the named nodes from a given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  create a new url to the given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  does nothing .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  complete python since we complete complete based on the server .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the methods loader .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  keep the mail generation .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer is exact of the specified sandbox .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test to make sure markdown are properly used to test some words .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to connect to a server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns the most recent roles that are available .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  remove the given number of bluetooth starting from a timestamp .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  parse the json-encoded contents of the user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks if any callable matches the given symbol and returns the result as a tuple .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  generate a random subset of the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  given a csv file .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checkout git command and returns it .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  meta-decorator to dont catch a function that uses the same name .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  define a llvm function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a value in a memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  the very tested timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  list the tag of a list of parsed tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a utility method for parsing kwargs keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts a string into all uppercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  splits the rabbitmq queue to the console .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch changes from the default remote repository .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  transforms a dict of episode to a temporary episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  start a main .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the users username for the given username .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade a column that will be imported by the new module .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the our float of each image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset to an audio bridge .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active %} sets the variable page_perms to a pagepermissiontester object that can be saved at the current page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject names into the given event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure that no bundle is available .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  updates the named environment to inspect the user to run freebsd-update as a list of software path to the npm config file bin_env .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has the caller shapes for the course that the caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules of a given rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path is a ieee link or not a determine if the path exists .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  create a double double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view name and a string .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve the remaining remaining option for a given user .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  give a string containing only english patterns .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups will be changed .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the number of objects in the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  incoming incoming memory size .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a single order function for debug nodes with tree nodes .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns yaml representation of a given name .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create a new induced dict for which predicate returns .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple :math:n for structured multiplicity .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns the message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  takes the images and yields used for debugging that are superfluous by the shards .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes container name container name container name or id **return a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  return true if the key exists in the other keys for the key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  parses a phone number from a phonenumber object .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses the profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a pair of polynomials in a given sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range of integer limit .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  private - use / process .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  topological relation this function makes a single example right to the input data on the rq application .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  looks up a package for the path to the conda returns the submit string .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict correctness to 4-element .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the local file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a random addon instance with the given name and the 2000 .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the pipeline to use .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  construct a discovery update from the url and passes it to the api .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a list of the arguments paired by the nonnnegative .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  call the given template with the given args and kwargs parameters .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the search index for a type specified by the given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  creates a directory structure .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort a mapping by size of the cluster indices .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks if a ufunc can be created .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  api endpoint for deleting files matching youtube files from the language .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test that annotations with edf assignment .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to active module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the specified project .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  helper function to period the dates from a range .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get eip invalid dhcp_option_id .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  find the storage repository to return the storage repository .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it does upgrade a dependency does not already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections of the x intersections for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check to see if the given target is not none .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is in the current shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add the error message to the server .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single entry from a single entry .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the group .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return the text as a removed string .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generates a graph for a simple graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the xml text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  return true if path can be hidden or hidden .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of tags and save the output .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover level from the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a string representation of trigger nodes in the tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  override the given message .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema models for the given models .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate an authorization token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the resource is not a custom resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list created with a given media list .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize the input string and return a single vector .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test that we can start docker ip addresses when a container is created .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide a set of all namespaces from the system .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  retrieve all of the students which have been updated in studio and updates the corresponding course for a particular course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint of the data along the axis .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns file descriptor or default if file is a file descriptor .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show information for a package .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the package with the path to the correct directories .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verify the specified config exists .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  starts all the top-lebel directories from a given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  constant up the entities that has been handled by the db .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  build test method that supports default and applies a trailing agent to the decorated config files .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  is the given body a valid empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file handler to the list .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  internal method to resolve a connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  dump message to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if were running on a file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file object .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  it returns the list of available vote vote for the given object .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  retrieve all unstaged changes from path .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into an album package .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  returns name of binary module .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the rules list .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  create a mesh of edges .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  same as f() .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return a list of normalized string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  displaying the given template to the given template name .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a text to a cms string .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  append a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name put its properties .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  creates an absolute uri to a resource .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the vnc port to the specified port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  ignore if we cant ignore the error when exception suppressed .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  format a stack trace by generating a test suite .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  call c{main} and returns a dynamic event for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for 404s in feeder .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request the given certificates as a background task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  rule : rule | identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the overwrites location of a variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using profile .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc moments to eeg matrix .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture the responder response .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read xread and return contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations from local to all doctypes .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return the config directory to use .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  provides a dictionary of valid qos specs as consumption .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the first item in the iterable if they contained in the first element .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  tstd of chi-square distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random unicode string of "length" characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu test bit .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test if a dtype has no thousand .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  return true if the user is a qurl naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert a four integer to a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  returns the value rounded in the round if it exists .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  use the given dataset to update the checksum as a background dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  lists all the access flags from the string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the current xml tree .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  internal method to pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the rogers-tanimoto rectangle between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  return true if any files which should be included .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email from the initiator notification email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  create a test suite for the z3 tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the confidence interval of the local response .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for the specified string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for the given nbunch .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test intervals with and without fixed mean .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return entries that do not have a pages of the empty formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if the field is an instance of the given type .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys and values swapped .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  sends a message to a different settings .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  attempts to find the first public id for the first notification to the node that is made up .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the value of the main function .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the proper sync of the num most recent date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorate a function that will return the result of a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  returns true if all white white is a parent branch .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate a description of students generated for specified students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday used for observances .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a set of all non values .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  validates that the reset is vowel by each validator defined in this means .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily disable memory deallocation .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  find the users username for an artist list .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running from a running system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  run a command on the given arguments .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  construct a dictionary of registering .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of a generic type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a single module and monitor it to information about each package .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an an entry point .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a random set of random bytes to a git file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate our instance of the instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell after tell .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll until a specific description has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  dictionary validate the value of additional parameters and validate their content properties .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of available instance .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return the status of a node .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the netatmo component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns true if the given function node is subclass .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide the jenkins :jenkins-wikidocker version .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract cr from the versions table .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a configured controller from a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  list the version of pip_ .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version from firewall-cmd cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake corpus file .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder nodes from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses all volumes volumes and returns a special object .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  square test objective function .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the vms .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic price oscillator .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the branch to use .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  return the lhs function of func .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes tidy in a document and returns the values .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check for the process with the given pid is running under .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a square bit of np .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance given a cached class name .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads the authentication and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get the relative url for bootstrap data file .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a function to set substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a file from the specified filename if it exists .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a list of sort lines .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the filename matches the given template .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an object like methods .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator for concrete fibre canvas .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  instantiate modified on the type at the given object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  gets the snmp normalize_formset_dict and installs them .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  registers an stanza of plugin which can be created with the given stanza in a dictionary of interface .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  returns a tuple of all the system files in this package .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find the directories in the given filesystem .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a bytestring .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert size in divide to width parameters divide : list of integers as a tuple .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  create an ssl socket object and return the socket data .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to the database; see function .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  release event list created with l{libvlc_media_list_new}() .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  get the number of commits line number of the line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator that throw a test to or subclass a function .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for each row in the :ref:user guide this is a separate of the rms between all the weighted paths and fn .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device using a user .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  add a comment to the end of all occurrences of "information_schema" identifier .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get path which can be area in computing loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a human readable form .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  return the directory component of a text .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  return a k[x] polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the repository source file .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  helper for neighboring argmax .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  a version of the m function that returns a single raw value .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a view of technical .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure the given object is not set to 1 .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to the provided confirmation .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  create an instance of the deprecated class as deprecated .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  create topology escape escape sequence of values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  gets proxy environment variables required for proxy settings .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given path .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  loads a pdf file by path into a list of pairs .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a list of default and aggregate into the loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from the specified keystone .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if the documentation unless the prefix is ignored in the set of config .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return an iterator over the data which yields fixed response data .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return true if the given single activity type has activities .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  launch the specified host opener .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns a string that represents a given type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment used for the measurements .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extracts all the flags from a given future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this makes sure that roundtrip roundtrip is actually standard .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the indexes that will sort parameters obj : object the key to avoid what splits are opened .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test basic macro function .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  return a class object .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the filesystem modified function .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all themes directories .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns all the results of a process tree .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format counters to be perticular .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  decorator that accepts a list of credentials that are valid but for a given dict .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat of a tensor without copy .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return whether or not a package is running in the package .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the full restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the literal string .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the current version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given the clsid name .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  deserialize a sol header and returns as a dataset .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time according to current time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | stmt | empty .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset vo to tree of vo images .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  retrieves the best guess for the given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random filename .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a package with apt-get .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array by name from :mod:numpy .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies that the given cypher matches the specified key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is associated with the given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a byte .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close file descriptor to be closed in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a shell command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  wrap a function to deprecated: only receive if it has a value .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a sharedobject tree representation to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is contained in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  generate sjson as already space but already exists .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the current markup filters name as a dict .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler compiler config from a file .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load a object from the file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set the scaling for the arguments passed in a separate function .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  returns the contents of the dropbox folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered with a simple page .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the the first generated by the given list of values .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test the sample tools .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if we have a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the degree value of data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  parses an exception object and merge them to file-like object .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the facet for a given facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html section of the most appropriate section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current meth class instance as a python meth object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for benchmarks that use the combine of the existing function .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  helper function to wait for the files to be copied from a cache file to be copied .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generate a globally dtype with the given parameters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  only load if the watch statement is actually a mandatory instance .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test for static matrices .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  recursively set a neighbor that either a neighbor or column .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that it will be a filename .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize the cli line .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the pki_dir config .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  binary byte between 2 and s2 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  returns a dict of ports available on the port and security groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  integrity the password our script to the db .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  on a list of integers that are supported on this minion .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get a copy of an object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  monkey-patch the client for each test .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  handles the themes for any periods that have a file .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  get the display data structure for this node .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  automatic uninstall-before-upgrade a ball .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write encoding and write to a file in encoding .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that that tries to work with and that it should always be mapped by the test .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  tests that the output contains json column .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate all uniform statistic based on a sphere of the distribution .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds two or doctypes together .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate all coordinates in a list of column relative to split some auxiliary .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode a python unicode string and returns a tuple .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the signal from an existing signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a the decorator used to render the content to a content type .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify the confusion matrix to a single phone classify .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the string text with redirection mode .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the differences in the word evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  stop information about all the specified scan :return: a dict containing information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  build the xml tree for each classpath .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  the most recent bdbquit entries as per entries .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  use this function to set the ms to every time of the changes to the config .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys normalized by the value .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting warnings .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the dimensions after the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test if a string structure is changed .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  runs the top level command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  data to the data .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  gets the progress string tag to a shuup string tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand the first item in a list .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a tensor .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an ssl url for an rpc or routine .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all the example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by resource_id and update it .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with given mode and return .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  contactfield delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  remove from the right text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return information about the output of a dict of the given file .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given members .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that wraps distributed server for distributed distributed .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return an iterable of the elements between the tree and last xml elements .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return true if *obj* is an instance of the given object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  fetches spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whether the x is a scalar .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie swift window and the movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse an output to a command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  indentation manager .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add a tenant to the given tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  outputs the __doc__ field of the current elb .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  get the form of the current locale since the user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the osram structure .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  delete an attribute from the instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version of the current instance .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  wrap request in a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  get the amount of elliptic in a foreignkey .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an derived coordinates .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  take a single filesize file and return a module .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if it is " .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script containing the given name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns a fallback configuration value from the given configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  it does not define a secret .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save and retry it .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  multi-dimensional iterate structure with the given shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the dot product of text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluates a given raw data stream that is used in many language .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return whether line is a single line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  retrieves the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about the last index request .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a function converts a root of the values in a function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to set the function to be used for a function that returns a cached cached entry .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of the location .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary of dictionaries into one dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists return if the user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt master and start the path for the last call to the container parent string .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast an object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list policies from the specified principal principal principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if this descriptor is visible to nonstaff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convenience function to get the keywords dict for a given keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes the given field to a file .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  choose the c extension .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if the input file contains a rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current pythonversion database version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a video and return a list of lists .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic matrix plots .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  create a new decorator that is a proxy method used to create a new decorator for generating purposes .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators and the word and the word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  uploads a change from the main review server .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export a csv file to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  return true if the service is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the specified app .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information about each how this should be executed .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get libvirt id from name or name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices all the chars of a single nodes .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  create a generic parameter to be used in non-blocking way .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a blank text from the beginning of a text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  return true if the value can be converted to a boolean value .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  opens a new db instance from the database and returns the extruder .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the requested ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of figure labels for a given figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  returns a mane redis dict for the given settings .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  parse a protocol instance into a entity_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the tex to use for the given tex .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for guided service .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine left or more images parameters data : array the whole column finite : int .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for installation hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and sign it with secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  deserializes a base64 encoded json representation .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules to add persist modules on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the notebook of the global condition defines a temporary file .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which allows errors to define custom errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validate privileges to the privileges or comments .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  makes variables from a dictionary .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  cleans up the user-agent and save all the total status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid feature detector .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for the process to process a process and merge them .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function to register a aggregate in a sequence .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date string in the format that can be an http or python2 python2 format .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check and return a content object .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  make sure *args* have complete values of the list of edit .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  derive the formatting of the special elementvise episode .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the revision to the git .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the shell alias of the given alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that the right function: of the multiarg function is called in the correct guide .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to generate a list of parquet packed .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer types of an integer to a list of ints .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram status of an image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  display the alignment alignment from the start of a graph .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a test if an url is a repository .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the byte dlls directory from the directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function and returns its results .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the size of a url .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get the login string to use an api client .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  message to stay a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with a given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  utility function to format the master to format the master to format .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  download a set of _idiffchange .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  prompts for authorization with http basic auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update the proj .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the cached state for the given problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the given display file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a fallback hash call with a fallback value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  freebsd a specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import record in tasks .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  start a function that returns a deferred manager .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return final entry point .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  decodes a bit float .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable/disable site protected by csp xss .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a local interface and run a long-running server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  perform a simple benchmark on prediction of the configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of recently published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars vars include discrete variables defined in any environment variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a firewall for known locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  get a usable cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks to see if the given can is full ip address .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass in a single path from a source file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for computing with python with i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that accepts a function returns a new domain name from a function .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  converts a python error class instance into an exception .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test transformations validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get a certbot entry from a renewal api .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  lists all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  parses missing object missing in a string .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the exponential function at the safe location of the clip .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert common factors in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same fields for barcodes editor .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generate all ros-legal pairs in a sequence of lists .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view for setting email confirmation page .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time to a string of time .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  verify that a portage version is present with the given version of the package or not .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config -> snake_case returns: out: : bool or empty string zones .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  verify that the process files is stale .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  write a base64 encoded string to a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  standard deviation .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  example action to call conversion .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  reverses the upgrade table for the physical physical days .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  test the layer of two mlp and train a dataset with different state and train the result to use .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the symbol function if he returns a page .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure the selinux result of the master to apply it to the master debug .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking xml .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get the layers layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  waits for a system to return true if no delay exists .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape escape .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  loads project object from specified path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dict of files with the desired metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  create an rrset with the specified parameters .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node is a source node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if the promo is related to the given end of the given end .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the datum of a datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  pad a signal handler to be called when running multiple times .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete the group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  run a "service" on the rest server .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  given a scheduled task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the extension to a file .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a candidate .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a colorize command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  code used to replace debugging .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a dict of changes to changes made .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses a single events given the command line and returns a tuple .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract tags from list of tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the alignment score of the given hmm .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  generate a slugify name .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves the old document from a vcenter .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sun raster file .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy fact if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the facts dict updated with the facts if
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function for search entities and requests requests .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html column can specify the columns in a column that the right column on a particular table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert bytes to a number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return a dict of file paths to find a job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator to perform a function or method name .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a users password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get sample ids for taxa file .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a url to a temporary file that is deleted on a given url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager that changes the target type to sys .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns the appropriate auth type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  uses a private key to encrypt a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  like proxies .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test to make sure transformed input data with a given unit .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  invalidate cached unit of given unit .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates an instance of widths from a dict .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the name of the project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : direct_declarator | timesequal | divequal | modequal | plusequal | minusequal | lshiftequal .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  return a relative url of a sls series parameters sls : file to return a subset of the sls in which to render the levels .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the current volume info from the current algebra block .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  you can override this function in case of the parameters and like _test .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of zones from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  return call to python script or none if pip does not exist .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name used to process a function for the given type .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to add a certain context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  this function provides an error thrown by an array of message-id .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the current versions of python interpreter .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  print the header line of the given line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo configuration for a certain post .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for displaying expression with a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  call an arbitrary command with the given action .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse one or more dw data into html tree .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  quote an etag .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the symmetric inverse of the current normal distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe string for debugging messages to a type of a url safe way .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne git-commit-id .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  parses the int64 line for an application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an info dictionary for a musicbrainz physical id .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous array "condition" from array array of data parameters mask : array-like returns array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and return the underlying bundle type .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find and register a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute degree of f and return the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions from 2-tuple 2-tuple and return them .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  raises an array of var var by column-ordered along the var limits .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  get a timeseries and number of the last part of a timer .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  split out data from a tuple of ranges: and convert it to a tuple of ranges: .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return a formatted number formatted with given number of locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase of data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  takes a list of value or a string that is defined in python .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a thrift object .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the module tomcat exists .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add a unique id to the msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a new instance access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ensure that the given request exists .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  enable current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a double file with a requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  make sure the path is a string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  project embed to be given for a project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid bytes .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a list of sdk of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  get last added rate of serial integer serial by l{flattenevent} .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the notifications used by unit .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  this function finds the input graph that maps a specific set of theano to the input .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the mean of the values of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return an integer as a certificate request for the given certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  data -> gzip decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function in the given subtype type .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  return a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  emit a log record for each patch in the log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file in the /locks folder for reading .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of our external platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload multiple sorted indices in the same order as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  generator that returns console to handle the running artists argument .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a list of regions from the given region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth api endpoint for google jwts api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get an sqlite3 connection to the user .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details of a named instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  create an output handler based on a provided request .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on logging and attach a console to the root logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent context associated with liveaction .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is a projection or a projection instance .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  associate virtual machine with the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file object to output_dir on the specified table .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write the word_counts to the call to the respective file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the moving from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and host name for match .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dictionary of language names as title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  convert object to a python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file with given text .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view to create a sample serving view of a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  retrieves the cinder backup to the given request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne source .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and make them available in the given directory .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  for each of the dashboard names and titles in the list of them .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read lines from file return the content of a text file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert the package to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  return true if the function func has a valid set .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  returns the binary representation of a socket .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png object for image data .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with the data of a u .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a string .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag delete page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: heavy-job this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename and return an array of any data that represents a base offset .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set build .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result method with all triples .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  simple stack to check for useless of channel .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a boolean stating whether the occurrences of the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image by a local noise .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a separate api call to the tube .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  this function should be used for smooth the test suite .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test installing a package which defines pip dependencies .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to take a list of strings and find it .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determine authentication auth object or authenticates :class:multidict .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  a simple celery celery task that has been logged in expected to have been registered as json .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply 2d query and number of filters for all filters .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an extension/version file from a public extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  expected improvement of samples over threshold .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write a specific set of lists to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  send a warning to test the status of specified directories .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test when sys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract a <tag_name> namespace namespace uri from the file .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract publishing distance from a relaxed polygon .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line relationships to the destination directory .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress for the given raw file .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  to an mqtt topic to a file .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  remove the file system .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  lists policies via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load if libcloud libraries exist .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  runs upload of the given image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns the integer part of the range as a number .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  notification/nch section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal smallest elements in a set of possible tuples .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  ill try my damndest to determine if a file descriptor is a 64-bit .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a directory tree of absolute paths into a dictionary of filenames .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse intra-community ticket references .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the user based on the creator .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates feeditems for the feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter values from all autoscale values overhang are notifier and values .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk a directory and remove all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with noise process parameters cov : ndarray forecast : array_like .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong type of nn is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the version tuple as a string .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pastel allocate a slack colour function .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse a dict and return a list of backendentry data .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered js and coffee files to output root .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an authorized googleanalayticsclient object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  helper function to append to the provided option of the admin_username option .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the system .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates list of email addresses .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a data for interacting from a typo of the data .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator used to read the task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extracts messages from the tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  open a random port number that has available port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  send httpresponseredirect to try_serialize_handler .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from file named by filename .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of all pids in x .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi by the new topic .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a list of sample n .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  take a given service and connect to each object of the given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  convert the list of dicts to an iterable .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  pass in the system path .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if version is at least min_version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  filter out any of a dict .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  make a link to a color palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - dont use default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of code to dot file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  returns a new templateresponse session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string for use in a template .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  make sure that the version appears in creating tasks are robust .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command based on the target name .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns the applescript name as a string .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function provides the contents of the block if each tag is not available .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters note: this function accepts all standard usermedia .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a random element in a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided settings .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an icosahedral file to the add one or more lines .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  create the login sender for each user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  simple function to print the files in a given tree .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username to forgot user .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  gets a free space given a name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  return the endpoint for the main endpoint .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse an error message and return a new line .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  randomly choose a probvec attachment number to be used in the change .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if the user is admin role for the given group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  returns the current line number in the current thread .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  display list of available tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  get the gateway details that was submitted at the specified account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last modified lines of the line in each non-singleton .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  returns source and set a source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  return a dictionary mapping fully-qualified scalars to use on classmethod .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is of type typ .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation cli example: .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this returns true if the key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if the user is a email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  find a cumulative distribution of a sequence of log distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  main function for the script .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  only load if compose key starts with a given key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the file from the gcode text as a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with hidden text with an image .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should not cause exception when given a single start of given exception .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling functions that skips a function or method .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the current process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print the total number of general polynomials .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  retrieve data for the requested user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a given format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the monogo_return request_spec for the tree dialog .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try to redirect to an instance socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  adds a mock counter to the path .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove content references from the compute table .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and verifies it .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a javascript source .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the platform dependent application directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print a stack trace into a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  given a module name return the absolute path to the package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the container name the container name the container to be deleted .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  a linearly method for the users approximation to check if the sweep is used in the w/o spacing .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a little helper function that sends a full response as an qstring exception .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and col cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read unsigned 64-bit integer from file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  return true if the given employee is holiday for a given date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the html of a given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  remove the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the download url of the running components .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  chunks chunks from iterable into chunks .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if the given password is a valid password hash for the given password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a new reservation and return the associated object .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a json graph of jit in the graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  redirects to main view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  return an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the specified cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  set the gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  returns a list of file names and completion completion .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  helper function to format an instance and return a formatted string .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer for a filename of the specified filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  the function to return the argument name of a function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  same as json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  verify that the python interpreter correctly handles none .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  define a deprecation deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patches the config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  parse the given value of an http segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the sources] .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the preserves flag is allowed to start the [values] .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists in the current group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  return an html version of the value .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  named user should add a new facility to the general page .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql server via windows deployments .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin and begin the inner text if any of the inner text is true .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  retrieve all user suggestions available for the given order .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop and stop a function after a method in a space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the minions to the specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  combine two dicts .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the first starting of a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse counters .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add a path environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark key as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  return the union of there for derivative of the given diff relative to the given derivative .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return swap swap swap counts .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of webserver from the codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  gets a timezone aware from a named offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test source operator using volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  a fake implementation of object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns l1 of the maximum inconsistency mod .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator that makes given method name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks type as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path looks like a file containing the specified url .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop should have all es 2 .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  build flowgrams file with contents of read and return as a list of flowgrams .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent instance by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a file with one or more authority access .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  splits a collection of properties into a collection output .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  removes anything and trailing whitespace and returns it .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a sm volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  returns js_files database .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  utility function to check if a method name is not a valid method name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  create a single bytes in disk format to the given list of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  decorator to give method call .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message to a serializable serializable file .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  create a continuous ratio for a test outputs .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  return the node for graph g on a node in g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a nice release with a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  test mininet mininet mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether the vf is a pci address according to pci running under the pci and return the address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validates if the document is overlap with a active active document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return is_public boolean value if host is in the network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local view of the current local model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  toggle event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  installs the latest version of the virtual server .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return the wrapper for the call to support .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be given .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  function returning a repeat function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  simple little function to dump the given arguments .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create a map for the given attachment .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a base .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between vectors and vectorspace .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  use the points that will try to find the points that will use the given point .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the value of the configurations to use .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  straight text display in a space-separated list of ansi text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  multi-class prediction auc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the special and/or override the specified data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  converts amount in quantize amount to string amount .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  make sure current python implementation is a readable filename .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of the timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  call virt only requested requested functions .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a dict representing the specified username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set/get histogram data to a pcap file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all spaces and whitespaces from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  mimics the contents of the current request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the current dns dns is actually a valid dns .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the icinga2 bit and write the local resources to the specified domain .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to a given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  uses ninja ninja ninja to identify an user language .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  helper function: transparently json so that all keys match json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish the collection and update the update with the given user .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  clipped clipped function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  substitute the current thread .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return indentation per line would add the given code to the beginning of the given depth .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for 2x2 cache .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns the vector where the vector as a point vector .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet binary or a remote packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the data from the specified targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user from a user .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get vector3 matrixsvg by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list partitions on the system or in a given crontab cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the unused value as a string .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  list the users cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the parent if the parent is already exists .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  dynamically load a module from a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if a service is enabled to be enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the duplicate certificate from the minion name the certificate store the certificate to remove .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a custom logger which defined in the given logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each file that is the same template as the last modified .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape string for use in a url .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for bench .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a diagonal array of the strides .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the given status to reach a status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  retrieve markdown data from a field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate all the pixel value of the rows of an image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address is a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get the sql orm of the given element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is defined: .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys and values of data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert arma process into a native string representation .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  cross platform relative path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  gets all models for all models in a given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin names of the file names .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of dicts to a string .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write discovery files to a file .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  retrieve a reference to the given object .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  task responsible for cleaner tasks .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches the musicbrainz album by its identifier .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova database that we only use os calls not available at /foo?a=1&b=2 .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  imports the user object .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  return the difference between a getmodulename path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  configure the log of a logger .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a list of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volumeservice for the specified service .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main program function for validating demultiplexed fasta mapping of the mapping filepath and barcodes the filepath changed tree .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  back to a single string and emit it .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice signal for backward compatibility .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reset the cached xmodule .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of the test layers .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculates a vector of same labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  those method to add a trace to each method call .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file exists and the contents of the user know if the mtime could be created .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the request and stores a single message .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict of {field_index: secrets data .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns a string representation of the section in an array .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy based on the rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  prepares the native string for the native :py:class:str .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the current api level as a dictionary where the api name is a dictionary with the scope ; 1 .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a text-formatted randomish .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of disjoint sets of disjoint sets for disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove invalid outliers function for standardises .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a single image .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only load the module if indentation is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all of the glib and return a dict of signatures for our pattern .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete a project and version in the given version that match the current made or more versions .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  just after the new biosql method with the same name .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  when no syntax is passed an exception .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a job .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete the div[@id] .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a alarm alarm by name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  check that the required versions of the required type and are not met .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  show all redis client records .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute size of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  show a list of lists with the nonlinear pareto .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests a proxy method that behaves a method that the proper quality .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a greedy .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  print a range header .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the given method is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the the the named marker returns: boolean if policies was not deleted .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of all available plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  adding an alloc to an alloc tunnel table .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function for handling utc utc offset and obj .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin introduces a build status when the job exits .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the given warnings .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row of a scaled row and the specified row .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the response data and return content of a query response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the number of path of the file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  retrieves a stats from the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to return a port of packages for the callers backend .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  fold the clipboards notifications and reuturns reloaded according to pep subdir .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract options from given an option name .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get path with only the points .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush twisted my in which are sorted .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for overriding .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  return a dict .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  if the gettext schedule schedule .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove the given string and return a copy of the given string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a numpy array to a type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of available instance type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  generate random lines of a given text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  build a jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return html tidy for the given runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  invalidates the subsets of the star for all of the given module type .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line options .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  update jobs information .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  compute the count of each feature in a csr .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read thrift data from a page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract an inventory from the provided json body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  generate a device we want to use that .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  listens for file_list .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test the behavior of freeze instances .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  call c{main} and put the windows source file into a separate process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  returns a cube representation of string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts by host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle target .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if x and bti values are figure .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of number of cliques of the given list of cliques cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure that the standard_broadcasting is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of server id for the given server identity .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  get the sample file for a given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently set .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert the given trees string to a new format .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a mocked entity .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  decode a string as a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  checking whether a user has access to a particular service .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get the list of hosts and its logical vmware environment to use .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return the first item after each eggs was located with sys .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  example of a list of members .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new amp that sets the given amp .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test loading mri subject .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the number of absolute uri in a uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the socket block with the specified rpc .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  perform statuses: .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of the le .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize network to leaves .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  allocate a char rst .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  a convenience function for making an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  remove py_name in the user .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that handling of batchnorm works with a given batchnorm .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for cylindrical hull of a polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup list of available columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that a container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  returns true if the current tool requires a path .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as necessary for the next request or parts of it .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the user is set .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the y#n load models .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a unix timestamp string .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  build the version for the build version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the names and default values of f .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a named function to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates generates a list of :class:dirmovedevent and all the files and classes that do not actually be different directories .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by a complex .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  when a document doesnt exist but servicerecord a previous document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the given argument into a yaml string representation .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a 1d true if an unified line .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of valid thread devices .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  true if the given file extension is a valid html file .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet of keyed by user https data .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  decodes and return the contents of the given image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  search for a series of arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points and direction of points to sparse distribution .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  flush the amount of update events example cache .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  dynamically define the template list for the authenticated user this view should be displayed in the widget widget or rendering :arg the global source_string user to access the global **usage**::
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies the post metadata .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a behave function .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator to add a handler to the class .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string as one of the metadata parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  return true if the user is the request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  return all valid markdown illegal for use in dask .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  attempts to find the highest bit of a integer into an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  set whether or not the current time should be changed at least time .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parse the xml attributes from the apf nodes .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return size of current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  sorts blocks of blocks with the specified group .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  calculate access and access information about a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  returns a dataset representation of a python object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  provides the byte string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create the contour random bytes as a dict .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable site to enable the site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  wrapper to return a subset of columns that indicate that have been input columns .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  make the trajectory dictionary .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove the content of the directories .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  return the system path .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a string representation of a given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if dataset is available .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  read and return them from container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  process files and replace files .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  escapes a strings value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  move numbers in between [0 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list box folders for given addon .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full lagpolynomial into a numpy array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the end and end of the start to the start .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check that the current python version is installed .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  calculates the log probability for the given tps .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  warn a file name and deprecated use .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  can be spam to a question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon the test verifies that the mesos can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  return a tuple of file paths to pass a type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  return true if all the documentation is found in member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get front lists and add the x intersection loops and end pointer lists .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this function checks if the file at the specified position in the given file .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that google gives the local ip for an ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  gets the rgs rank of a matrix .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parses the xml input and parse the record created by the slaves process .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  make sure the moon *name* with something which are added to the same results .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  negotiate a response body with the appropriate header .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  takes a list of versions that are sorted by :retval and takes versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if the given socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link to a block with the block name .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the files .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add an environment variables to the environment variables if set .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  runs specified command in a file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return an color that asserts that the username username username username .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of a point passed to the point passed in a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  return true if the given object is a classification colour .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when a given tzinfo is modified .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the labels is a valid eia label int .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  ensure that the parent directory name is present with a prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  verifying a test for creating parameters .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  copies a django model to the form of the given object .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  ensure that value is a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see units .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a friendly version of available switches .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image to a sympy passed in .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  base a sorted list .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  calculates the standard repository for flocker to inplace .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict of filename that should be used to know about .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the rss hook of the specified flask test suite .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to access an explicit file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create content of file content that file format belongs to cache .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  skip the appropriate tool method that skips tool to verify the database .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return the .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  create the journal theme for the given systemd .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the directory for the calling test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  sometimes you get an url by a unicode string with a unicode string .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a temporary directory for the provided options .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates a list of ids of job status .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to add a function to an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the input data set .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  return a random subset of avoid tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager instance for the specified secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  function that skips a blaze class with the same name .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks if a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  returns the minimum matching record .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  return the most recently added points to a roads sampleproject .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a query string like env_name: into a response etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs python installation logging and installs it into the installs .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print notification of .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears the uuids of all uuids on the given editor .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load all sample images from the given directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether partial date provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  calculate the binary crossentropy for the target crossentropy between crossentropy and log .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  return a tuple containing the checks and agent .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  if the url matches a static tool .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a version of sum .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number of consists of a phone number object .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  a simple replacement for image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set decoded play player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  construct the part of the part .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  subtract polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the input data as an unsigned int .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event to the register nodes in the list of configured jobs .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure canvas canvas for the figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  set up the http security headers for the google http security log message .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily pads a message with appropriate env .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  modify the wsgi pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option and returns the appropriate one of the top-level function .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the ttl ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a copy of list .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test that issue #370 .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address or the ip address to a cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get all changed filenames of the given list of changed that are changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively resolve json root .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the domain of the autentication with a domain set .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  decorator to restrict test if the backend supports backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  override the directory structure of a given directory .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata['recommended-methods']['value']['procedure'] response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand a sequence of sequences to a separate one .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  this verifies the control files for the daemon .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the local vmlinux object for the given path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  directory containing the given path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one or more arch of an action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri in python folder .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  helper for an expression with an expression or fermionic form and call the english .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  converts any callable in a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to error out an instance function .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  helper function to create the output of a given loop .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  retrieve a class class from the given string string class instance .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  process a first file as a zip source code .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  do the actual duck definition .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dump an error thrown by this function .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  invoke the given function .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index of the elements of a dictionary .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  override the points that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  calculate an image in a given request .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  create the cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the server non-default of a public curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  slices the slices of a list of constraints descriptors .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  make a string to a value of the same name .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values in values of values .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  get the differences between two paths .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the pad_dims with the given pid using the given pid of the doesnt .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its original folders for both single season folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  applies a dict mapping kwargs to values .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to unicode .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure the parent directory exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  test that a feature can be mapped without all the feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return true if the provided url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the model that contains the given model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  the session password for the last errors .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  completely completely completely n records for a bokeh when we cant push .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  parse info in folder .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that will return a partial list of matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of the data in the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  creates a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the default 'ascii' encoding if the encoding is not met .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an instance of google instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path index .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the i of the row element-wise examples .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  return the name of the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the static file to serve .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set log headers at the given request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write string to filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab -> str sab the input data to be rendered by the unquoted name .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and fetches the http api .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the given tab number is supported for use as a tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the ip addresses of an interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized function .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  print the text to stderr .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  outputs the django authentication signature .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  this view shows the error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  return a list with only log-related :class:qtextcharformat .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  create a new decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the minion dependencies and make sure dependency properties will be installed .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multi-dimensional gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the source & accept a object_list object with the submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a message to the beginning of the last modification .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an active transaction to the vm .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a pull request .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check that delta isnt proper directories in pkg_resources mode .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the given file with the given name to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a registered request for the current thread .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage that would be free .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; ampersands .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the contents of the main post request .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a sharedobject object that runs aws arguments .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple greeting function .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  return true if cache can be imported .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test training using weights .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an example movie .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set labels on the local node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  converts decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates scale learning rates .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by attribute .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape & .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure none derived from one or more vms .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  apply a custom template tag on the master .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  format the specified output .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  parse the given configuration for the given api .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper function to wrap the connection .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a two pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  calculate sample size of the standard normal cumulative distribution .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost value within given return true if value is a nthhost within the given size and false .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls that is the same url as the url for a attachment url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse distortion .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a valid machine dict .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns true if running indicating a web server has been initialized .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  returns a continuous class .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for nocopy private_exponent .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from the tool shed if it exists .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  given a user .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  returns versions from pythonpath .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the path to the given experiment .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for views that should only be made like a view .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given a sequence of polynomials .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  this function is called by evennia when a header or execute a header .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a sequence of scope .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test parsing of wcs inputs with different w .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  helper method to parse string to a users api .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the log-likelihood of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager for capturing whitespace .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  for creating weekdays large lists .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  construct a declarative base class for the given name .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get a list of all course milestones associated with a given course id .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  wrapper around int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string of the month .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  indent text with a custom space .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to calculate kth kth sequences .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  display a list of all updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  change the current user id and group id if no gid exists .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to network .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  stores an event in a gui .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  stores companies based on current column .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a byte string for caching we can be used to initiate it to usually types .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  syncs the throughput of a round(4*^); secondary table so we can add or updates the job .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates checksum identifying = parametric checksum .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to make sure that process_jon is raised .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  show an image from its buster to the different unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the default file used as a unicode string .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the monitoring stream with the specified name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check if the named service is not disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the specified security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the day in a semicolon .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  retrieve all duplicates and return them in a dict of fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the exported configuration directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  given a list of 1s .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new path of the decorated function .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove one or more python files below the tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  notify about a list on the update .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a new .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings with one of the given regex .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  return true if the string matches the viewset in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  gets the composite flags authentication flags for a specific user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a sns string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  construct an optionparser message from a wire call .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the given version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal handler for last updated of a user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  open the corners to the corners .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import the module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore should be run in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given interface is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function creates a list of mailchimp emails from the given mailchimp list of emails .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  site restful controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove the specified file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator instance used for generating chunks .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if host is described in the look-up atomic others .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the file system names .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence of positional and normalize a milestones string .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test integers/bools transforms for potentially .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send deete table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to register a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with unicode characters removed .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the list of supported chars for the object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  return the source location of the last infinite version .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve all the string for a question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return list of available controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  rate minus minus lazy authentication arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  sets a filepath to a file as unique figure .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper function that returns a client created from the autoconfig client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects the current static files and prints the branch matching the given folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for the type given a class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  generate a wrapped html with the given body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return the path to the users ssh_config .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the type of the given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  creates the datastore keys for the given app_label .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  test that the adagard item can be done by adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify that an object ensures that it shouldnt be imported or not .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  interactively function that iterates translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a task level .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  retrieves the current active mon for the current thread .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  check if the css of the current user has a get_absolute_url() .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  verify we have the correct number of dimensions .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  return a list of file modified modified files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn as if it exists .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of open file .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  adds prefixes with the given key key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the position in the due date as a number of seconds at *ptr* .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs and batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  this function finds the ribes list of corpus from the mnist .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  temporarily change the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash bash command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return the numeric assortativity matrix for g .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the information of a certificate info file cert_file the certificate file to load the certificate file to discover the certificate of the certificate name of the certificate to remove
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure that a grain matches the incoming diff .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a series of image by [exploration_id] .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  a decorator to perform any metadata cycle .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag to question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone source is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a figure with a new figure and a new set of images .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unicode string for the given triplets object .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a string with the given string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of directories in the given environment .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly and weekly status .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of differential differential .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  remove the custom object from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  from host:port .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  parse a page string into a list of locations .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the current platform is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version of the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes library and returns a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion as a suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  saves the model to the database .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets information about the hosts of the hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with an fishers z distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the capabilities over a given http request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  check that valid version is available .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of matching files .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  approximate a list of arrays by the structure of a block numpy array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test preloading of spm files with spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the testsuite tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the float tetragrid by prefix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the summary line of the given class .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  construct an integer sparse matrix a sparse matrix r with respect to b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get the hosts .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  returns true if f is a parent of the tipc function .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts file .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  construct a number as a digit compatible number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  downloads a group of files and returns its handle .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a logical volume in a snapshot of the lvs case .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  decorator that makes sure that the specified arguments is accepted when the function is called .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  add we store a sparse tensor when two matrices matrices is a sparse sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test intersect which convert two slices to non-aligned .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  reduce nxn and validations to match their shape field .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that the inverse of the mapping sense .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a weighted spanning spanning forest on an undirected spanning weighted graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  decorator that raises an exception if deprecation warnings returns true .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add triangle given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the log base x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  prints out the windows code and returns a tuple of the given kwargs .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  inttobits for testing .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all volumes in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  long legged doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a result set of mappings into a dictionary of mappings .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  return the version of the release .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  translates python data into a json file .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  get the backing file with the same devices as the backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates a group of accepts group groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  format warnings the current warnings into a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return an |_ifdentry| list defined by index .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load app in a local module .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the current database from a list of trees .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a new client instance for use with arguments .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  a synonym for :func:joinedload() .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  call a product function with freq derivation .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name for the platform .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given a heading and sin bio .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  return the known when connecting is available .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  given a string or unicode instance .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  return the path to the language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  ensure the ansible module is in the async version .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns the function that operates as a list of fields of the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a prompt to the locust web node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  pass in various keys .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn the deepfirst sequence to tuples in a sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return a string with a chars and shape .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  decorator for strategy only .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  sample from theano to work with specified shape .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  simple wildcard test if setup is loaded .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  constructs a receipt for the given time .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if the supplied value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  return the hash of the directory .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  get samples from file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  imports controller - used for imports which restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi response with the attributes set .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a list of strings and work on this minion .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the media type subclass if the media is subclass .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig files to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the current logical database cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  dump message to log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple users from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  simple command-line arguments for listing requests .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read directly the file at path fasta/qual .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a user api client which is valid to access an api client .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a file in a given format to the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the members from the group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file of a json directory .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the string representation of the devices to an integer .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  locate the reparse source file this is only supported by the windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  isactive the function so that single function will be executed in the function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  validate if the given string is valid utf-8 or unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  if -> string return a copy of the string s with none .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a template context .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consumes url and return collector socket .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the instructions name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop the buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  return true if filename seems to be a file containing testfile .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  maps maps maps builders .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to enforce read-only response error handling .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns point parent for sql cell .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a package version is an qstring version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker return a helper method .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores any data from the table .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for routines that return a ctypes function that returns a pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a given path with sha1 data .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  this function checks if inputs of two inputs are equal .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert obj to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  strip ansi escape sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  test directed graph in p2g format .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a file in a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  list all comments for a specific user .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the type indicate function shared .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a large tarball .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  include all of its filters matching the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return all the error codes from the list .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices that matches a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a string value is of type or unicode .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  retrieves the users system from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  converts the pci requests based on the route53 requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  creates a new command line .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a queryoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  implements kwargs from the defined in inject inject inject inject its kwargs to a function which implements the kwargs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  helper function to enable merge twilio .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  seed -> int calculates the sequence of n .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if the given system is running .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  basic autocompletion filter via the programs library .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the sqlite blob so that it will be handled by the data of the test .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the image from the api .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of open file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that is remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  the ljung-box widget is a temporary files and turn it into the emoji directory .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  tests that the in-db limit has been initialized by the folder .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted by name .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  simulates a simple stubs out of a given request .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of columns and unique column names .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  calls the diophantine equations for a real matrix the back to the next httplib .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  make sure empty is passed in .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits filepath .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute reconstruction prs from univariate to the remainder in mathbb z_p[z] .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator access controls .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  raises the edges .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a pre-built degree sequence of tools that can be used with the given degree and service .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes none .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search term for an wrt .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  drop an index from the data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  this only supports the correct values of django tables and allow them to attempt to support the same way as the required values .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  return a dummy request object suitable for the specified request .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  helper for removing html and add an email address .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the given file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  returns true if the boolean value is a boolean and the info-showing .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the xml representation of an element .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  return a dataset for a message .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the incoming graph previously modified layers of a specified penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a tensorflow variable initialized with a passed shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time of the given focused index .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http comma separated header and return a tuple of the corresponding pair .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive at the specified url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the sub or comments for an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab api call and return branches for gitlab content database .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this returns a script that the principal from the principal to the device .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment of readparsers override .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the operations and start a given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items in the specified time and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse arguments to a dictionary of name-value .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  return the argument name of a function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a page and determine whether it is a given page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  warning: this function computes the correctness of the correctness algorithm .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  nuke project variables which allow project with default structure .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  compute binom data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper to fit a single test et al .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if metadata is a reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating that the attachment is still logged in the documentation .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic a 2-d array with the data point .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style string to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  it should extract a failure from a requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls one or more commands and calls the same command .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack extension .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the type of the local interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  qnwunif test objective function .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  gets sigmoid corners .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  appends string_ to the given file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  render data as a tuple or filedescriptor pointer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  helper api that parses the plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  dummy function to cancel all data alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable initial stream with name with retries .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic dict .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set the old attribute on every so that its requested attribute can be used as a missing .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like print .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return the indices with indices normalized by shape .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node of an x11 node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  returns an event object suitable for named socket .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets a new recurrence group .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a storage instance from a path using configuration and the same match that storage configuration .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  given a valid package name .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  given a user object .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set document in the documentation .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  search for releases to be performed or a release based on an artist address .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing virtual machine in this account .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  custom awards function .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  yield file names that contains the top of a setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  load data from a document and return a dict .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  return a string with the current document name and version of the document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  if the given request should be generated by the master .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  used for ctrl-c tests to reset a unit of data .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the content of an interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as the response doesnt already handled .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a number for a string type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly getting a single logging configuration from the buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  relative helper to relative to matrix a in the matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the given html to the name of the text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  get the hash of the git repo .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  return a list of all job ids cli example: .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  extract a dictionary of amis keys from a querystring .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message for the supplied dictionary .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return the absolute array of the current thread in the entire one .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  given the output description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if the file extension is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option equal to vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier method used to generate the rpc key to use .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate numbers for start of package with projectionlayer .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template with a capa .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator to return the decorator and your recurrence sequences .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  index a new search of project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate a identity key for a instance .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple public key .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a babc version of symbols .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  accepts gcd of gcd and g in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a python object to make an object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates exists notification about the specified audit .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  turn a code that sends a with sys .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data and include_x_axis .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clear the info cache from the template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  reads given project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  use an event to convert the event loop to the last box .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the location of the current environment .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a function that can be passed into a cache key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the shortest graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to bootstrap script classes that older authenticated user when he != the lines; .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  return an ebsblockdeviceapi instance using aws credentials .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks if a file has a unique file .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns mobius or odd parit for use in memcache .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an elb resource on a specified resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message from a access to a specific user .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create pool health health .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource method as a string .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersection into a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  load texture from disk image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap the last topicsread object as a dictionary .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be set .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception message but sent to the given locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get all pci devices in a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  to be used to create the programs .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  set the current level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a dotted-path module name like foo .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  a helper function to create a scm using a parameter .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  return an instance set set .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the nsview nsview .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  get a complex estimator of the tipc equation .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return hex encoded md5 hash of the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  gets an object based on a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts the given unit to a file with the given unit .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  set the dotted path for os .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  decorate a function as an eval method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the http response is changed .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  use rabin-miller algorithm to calculate n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the job and potentially complete jobs .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import security data for use in the database .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  create a bridge .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the items of the index map .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  no longer enable the panel panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  generates an unicode string for use in a regular expression .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert nsecs to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given a list of files .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less than same mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  information about a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  utility function to check if the current node is used in the current block and fetch the node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  returns the values of the square root of a square image .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  long legged doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that needs to be a valid graph .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a celery archive that will generate a job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  generates a daily table of the daily table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check the minion to see if the master is available .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to a decryption key suitable for use in represented by *seq* .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg data structure .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the value corresponding to a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  aaq all the available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  raises importerror if the given url is up to access a custom message .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for assertion to become warning .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to allow {"conversion_factor": to llvm llvm values from templates .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json tree of the given module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid categorical type .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() function .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  take the cli query and exit query string for asking .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python 3 .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the current database instance .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of enabled enabled services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  remove files from the template .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that we have an entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted strings .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return the dataset of installed plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  returns l1 norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  make the given code at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  check whether a country is a leading zero zero region from a given region .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  return the offset in a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns the url of a path when one or more items .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the number of polygon in the loop to compute the point .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete clean delete filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password and password .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test multi multi in 2 option .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper function to return all matches with checkboxes patterns .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  toggle event manager handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the percentage of color info from the sensor sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a specific domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test remove_from_figure creation in a figure .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  close and write a fake valueerror .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the integer with the value and the content of the character .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check if breakpoint is poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that the specified value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  create a new refs file .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs the debug file with debug info .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  and returns a new .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  loads an alloc unary unary so that only one element is found .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of random nodes with a limit .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the test scenario for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple to get the values of a test .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple of the given color and color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the channel .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb as conf_file breakpoint routine .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed that the blob belongs to .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output to match the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  sets the language language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  returns name of the activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with optional mapping .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no crash crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  when all of the specified regular expression .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all the node subscriptions unless the user is an explicit on .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  render an object and returns a string representing the number of ways objects .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  gets the vlan id for an adapter group .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all the info from all users .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a tuple for an color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  return a constructor for a decoder for a given local struct .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  requeues commit .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num fields for the given user .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  the tag decorator factory .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if the architecture matches the os api .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a warning to stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  return publishes object of square .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  called when the name/value of a pem is still high .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  returns a unicode object .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the number of megacycles from the user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform an human-readable series .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test to make sure that set_positions plot work in matrices are created right .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  accepts a any currently supported code and returns true if remote was found in the second own namespace .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run the shell command on the stdin .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a string from a http header .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run nagios pending events .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  project image rois to four image and image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return the information on a specific selinux linux .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  get internet access .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  for convenience .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a newly helper method to generate the registry .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates a new user object .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a number of bytes into a string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as a list of wavelet .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  renders a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the instance of a^p where all the scalar scalar in instance is a single scalar .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by derivation .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  for use in the contractions to transform .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub all open user ids to a tree that is referenced by the ui .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a qt preconditioner constructed array .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  a helper for quickly .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure no url is blocked when no block list exists .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  unpickle flask application .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock file note that the lock will write one set .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a gf(p)[x] of chi-squared to a string .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  remove a unicode string from a url .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g consists of a undirected graph g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns vertices of words from fa .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes jitter correlation matrix of xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> packed return a list of tuples .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the increments value for the fly .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tests if the random number is initialized by the hadoop function .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  create a color with the given additional class name .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review without updating review without throwing the final save .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  takes a nifti http or a string and returns the current time in the requested http time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a evaluates image from referer .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  for geos queries .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation to default confirmation page .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a double bits onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all ports on the server side cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  a shortcut that selects critical object .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  retrieves url according to the residuals url for a period of the nodes .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  the average summary of a avg until a average .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates a query with data .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  set up the first docstring to the frequency docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  show all of the keys stored in the database .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns the set of terminal .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  determine if shuffler object is pickle .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  resize a network if starting with a named two images .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves single more random objects by a given context .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check the job status .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a regular expression object that matches any matched grey .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on a masked array should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt encrypted_data with the given key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  construct(tuple:|)) -> utf-8 encoded string in utf8 .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the one directory names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk jobs match the on-disk format .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  for executable .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  remove static files below the given document with contents of different names but notices .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the system configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return the sha1 hash of the given job .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  generate a sparse matrix in sparse format a sparse matrix a triples of an iterable of edges .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  unquote any from the provided in the iterable .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the window of a given app .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  context manager to temporarily override the tests .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test retries .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute subcorr inverse 2d normal form .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  returns a tensorflow float .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path for zipline root of the zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary containing the contents of a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  remove irc color info from the string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a canned .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  simple convenience function that throws us to determine if the subprocess is valid .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return a list of related models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  stores the latest version of this latest version .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  return the opts dict of the master .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  retrieves the delta version for the given version .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterator over the given iterable of values .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval specified by a number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the total sample of the path .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  update a suggestion that tests are deleted when the model specified .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class with the inner class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given object has a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the provided value is a positive integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  build an something and produce the given attributes and produce the fused object .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in the background thread .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute weighted mean squared score .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if we need to update anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a client for gce nodes on gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add to the menu path dictionary .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  set the base directory to be used for elasticsearchs in the registry .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task id .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url of a url and the url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the bridge to the list (e .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check the coordinate method called when the function is called .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the arguments passed in is of a subset of objects .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a numeric image of the given image data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output of a file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in one child node that has the case of the attachment_urls .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  return a temporary file object with a given name that is suitable for the given name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module and return its errors .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  respond with openid api call .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to test the state of the object .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the hmac-sha256 representation of a money code .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  prevent crypto output .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  update the frequency type for a given data .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the magic magic bytes at the magic .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the bundled version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  insert text with a cursor matching text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether the given word is any of the tree .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a block device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a unicode string to a byte string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns an immmutable function that is not none .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  determine the result of an object instance .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  summary - sidestep operator to a command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi application that mimics a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then return the url .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  signal handler for stay actions .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes permissions from the wagtailimages_image_model database .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  given two exception attributes .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an identity identity dictionary .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dictionary where the key is a valid dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return the boot options from the requested parameters .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  return a generator which yields the minimum of the descriptor .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  returns the repository current repo level .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function that returns true if the configuration has been changed .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return an application object that matches volume info according to the given volume .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  return the count of a file from a given type .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  creates a dict of all available widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  creates an assets file to be running on the logged-in logged-in at the beginning of the request .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  check if function is a valid 2-tuple of a function and return its output .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup a set of individual devices .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with adding a adding an item to its own volume .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test basic input creation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  returns a list of software names .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust floating points that are never be only supported .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single document to csv .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of module items for the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows workflows to another .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use with an application key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  override the config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return true if we dont use the given event .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key to the runlevel .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test checking drive(s) forgets .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller list / add controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  finds the stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the *data* associated with the given id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  example of the fixed length and calculate the fixed length -- the last location of the fixed network model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  show details page .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of the named file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  makes a hybi-07 frame with binary data .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove one or more packages that package packages to be deleted .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  return the project that a manage .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return an absolute data for the given pil .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  retrieves all registered apis from dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  get the message storage on the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries where second_dict values take precedence .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  assertion the win_acl list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the class text doesnt have the same name .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  decorator that generates a full subtask to the specified xml file .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the support page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  we end the initialization by resetting the request and wsgi application .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  find a columns of type with the columns in the given column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  do the wiki url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create an otu log table by input axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of values .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  change make_virtualenv to one node .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  create basic wheel from pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register the given scheme map .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is iterating or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the adjective that can be used for a adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a wigner 1 .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap user to log messages .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  parse a boolean value and format .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  gets the comment modelform class for the given app_label .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree bottom-up .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the contents of the script that owns the given request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  continues virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if user is not allowed to administer the key .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  get the w2 function to the right of a complex .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the projection error between a and w .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  returns the maximum of the standard deviation along a given axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters data : array_like .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric specified by the passed in the en .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a model is multiple primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the vm vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a pandas table to a python table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  generate a a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default function to login .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated information about the outside a :0: .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return true if the running a post request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  recursively makepatch modified makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert central box .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  accepts a string with one or more etags and returns a 9-tuple with the result of the strings .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  a decorator to wrap a user .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process the given timestamp as a timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator with a derived content .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  performs average/upgma of a sound with the optionaltableimporterror of a vector parameters time : array-like returns contr : float representation of the input broadcasting .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse html html characters that represents a readable html representation .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the last wrapper method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dict without preserving the first available to filter .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  outputs the contents of the debug context .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert nodes into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  generate problem state entirely for all students in a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos django .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is one .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition a dask dataframe by divisions a new divisions object .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a file to disk .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  given a path to the latest template name .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  get a plural or group by the argument to prompt .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  sends an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return a directed florentine graph with hashing surrounding graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the matrix a and b of the matrix a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is a list-like argument .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  take list of names and return a list of basenames .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a module name .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process properties matching the supplied regular rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find reindent stats .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return an os packed instance for the specified family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the value of a property according to the value of the given properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the user id .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return an iterable object containing all entries stored in the specified bank .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder from the url and version string headers .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate the example example directory .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a data to use .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  create an caa for the given mbid .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validate an xml string .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to your was changed .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return true if the given level level and is a subset of .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read a indicator from an memmap sequence of values .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  display the settings page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  like munro but assumes empty lines are not in lists x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  generate plots of pickle-dump .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats a size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  if s is a string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns the fifo queue from outgoing outgoing queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for every field in a given context .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  converts a json representation of the object response to a response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  unwrap to fix a list of sequences to use in average .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a list of dictionaries to use .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  gets a human readable user for the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a dict with a simple message .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  tries to get the pid file and return the contents of the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise elements in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  factory to create a tuple of widths .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity when combining is called with no data .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sorts a string by a given key .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  import the given python module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack the septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options used for the carbon property .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors and lspi from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate a * path to the given directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy one or more iterables associated with the given name .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if we should call the program with the passed main .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset for the given renderer .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  multi-dimensional stats test for a given project .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install dependencies and install gvm import link .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark generator to cache functions .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource of the desired configuration and returns a tuple .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of a local cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display all review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  convert a new colors to a list of numbers .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a javascript structure for the javascript code and js of the required value .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem to the specified object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  iterate over the learning learning matrix and add the learning extension to the given extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate a relationship to the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check that the header is an upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class with the given class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  event: to find the output weights of a given model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email with the given email address using association with the api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return current thread as a dict .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a dict of node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  dump an image to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  decorator to smartly a function or method call f .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that the model is supported by a health linear model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a point to the users stroke list .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  call this function if enable is loaded .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  code that runs when called is executed .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple task to encode qurl for a given type .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  return true if arg is expected .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  collects all apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new profile with a given set of user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  convenience function for setting the first item in array x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a directed malt .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  like _simplesizer except for a boolean format .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the changed languages shows the most similar to the given revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  return nested tuple from a tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview size for the folder .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a dict with an lineage separator .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  the ground error function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a default locale depending on the schema .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies and there into lists .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as method as an event context manager .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write markdown libraries to a temp directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats that may be removed after each test .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if a host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  completes current command with the prefix position .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj works and c{obj} checks to make sure that the defaults are actually parsed and that it does not crash .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the approximate approximate information associated with the given argument name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  return a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update importable .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse an committish reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name of a person and adapter in a dictionary .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a list of trace variables that represent the required chains of the incremented chains .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  to make sure that an error is raised with a new filter numbers .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  interprets a boolean value as a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  produce a unique versions of arrays .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  extract the first from the string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  use this function ft_library_setlcdfilter filter to handle the handle filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the l1 score function of all the dataset into more in an array of pairs .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed for the given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  get the path to the cola .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns whether initial system is ssl enough .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verify context has admin rights according to policy settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  returns the tensorflow graph for a layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  create a canvas of the specified image and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper uses the specified user-milestone .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see insert query .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build a suitable interactive package to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  handle to the parameters of the rc file .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  run the main command-line client .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  merge a review branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment to use for the current release .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  checks if the given parsed reg assignments are in the given assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move to the next time the database .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu processes for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the input array for use as the first axis of the input array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder -> returns the number of nodes in the computing integer .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns a maxfilter-formatted frequency distribution .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  get the transformed points for the transformed points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if the monit file exists .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the arguments sorted by extending a list of tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  each entry in the retrieved id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a given number from a binary string .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  asserts the items of the supplied list is before the requested constants .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe and escapes .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  convert two file into a sequence of soupstrings .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup the linux sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access list to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a thread to the queue .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the users application package that the python application name this returns the data needed for the given python application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string to hold a number of si .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find rect in four value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  get the scaling policy to a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses s3 uri into tuple .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns a string that is in the specified relation name .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a time instance from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the unit registry based on the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the correct ljung-box .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  create a health ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure that a container exists .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  helper function to log a tree .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  remove duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse an http response string to a datetime .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a status message with a given status code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the inheritance object args: obj_name : the name of an object to check if object has the specified data .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  a view that sends a progress to a student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help return the way as a file .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a tuple .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the product product with the square numpy array redirecting to do this function .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  patch email_utils .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  return an ssh public settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  remove all organizations that are deleted .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt array that is valid account .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a tree constructed from a depth-first-search node .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  parse a string in yyyymmdd format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads can be cleared .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the port for the specified package name the port of the port to add a port to the port engine cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates if any two boolean values come out of each scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  converts all the contents of the tree to a node .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test that an platform behaves like session_scope() .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  move to the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a regenerate template certificates for a given course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a particular user object for the given course id .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compute the cross product between vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  return servers when debugger is a list of known channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  simulates a unified diff of the diff to a string .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color light color with a make make a make make a matplotlib color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency of currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorate a function to be called before method which looks to mark .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the requested token from http body and returns a dictionary of the oauth token string .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a suitable url for a given target name .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract request auth from request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  decode data into bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a url for a file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to output the provided streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository to the repo .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to use for the given id .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether the given config is installed and can be imported .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx api for platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  list out the age of a given age .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in "data_dict" to regular dict .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs file names of the generated files as a dictionary .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  finds and returns the look up to call another line .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  set the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read the latest options from the options library .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this method escapes the characters that can be suggested in an html literal .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether the url exists in studio and updates the course certificates .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  get the doctest module .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the named container exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  check if the given user has the given permissions for the given user_id .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the source code to apply a average/upgma code .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert the value of an expression and a python type .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the models .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  register a vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  render the arguments in the current context .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  raises importerror if mayavi version is not installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  return the day in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of evoked from bad .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of the tree .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample type passed to the **kwarg .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified folder .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  remove terms that are referenced in a rest of a path .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  return a copy of the z: attribute on this property with a new one that can be used to break about the specified usage .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  get class decorator for object .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  this function creates the arguments for each persistence application .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts the passed function to a cloudblockstoragevolume id .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  item controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident formstyle .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the most common parse the password .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a random source file .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket by a new encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  keeps a differential equation function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load only if win32 lib is available .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the largest matrix in reflection by reflection of reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dict to a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a list of word string to build descriptor .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return the blended transform for the blended model .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an image to the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* is a string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the url of the provider with the given name .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a main function that returns an application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return a map of integer id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  test that oauth editable by a custom editable .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the cuda service instance by a given cuda color .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  function which compatible with the translation component .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  return true if any items of the alphabet sequence can be closed .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a == b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  check if the given osffiles has been rewritten .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  iterator for all channels of the same way as expected_volume to the settings of the channels safe for the callback/errback channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the reverse function uses a ln label int to manage a given label .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  formats entry per code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  return true if cmd isnt a shell for the given executable .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  return a list of changesets for the filter .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  model a case with upload concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a specific filename .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a list of exps answers submitted to the given exploration .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a single test for us 2 .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label + label .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a wrapper dictionary with channels which will create the given type .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  parses a single file in one or more pattern .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path of the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move up to the next available number of moves moves .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no start-up handler for test cases .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a is not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes a hidden key from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  parse the query_string from the given query string .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  externals the module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  should not create an api that is assigned to a user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison between two strings .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function that checks the user has an author .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns if and only if the config is unedited or not .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out all roles in the user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  returns a list of sample submission .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a string representing a number of bytes that are described in ascii .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  get the current project directory of the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying the hmac-sha1 of a versioned secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses a request uri into its operating uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  get a change of all changes to the specified model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the printed output of code that silences on sys .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  helper function for computing a measurement measurement .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align the input array x up to down the nearest quantum .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parses a single config input file and returns a dictionary of the trees pairs .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  return a text with the given message and its ansi message .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the wsgi class .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  execute the command and return its output .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  extracts a list of spontaneous and return appropriate environment dict of env info .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  write the configuration to the users configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  same as a += .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for a search results in the list of their content type .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection to the python url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure that import errors .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  remove the specified cli example: .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse and convert a date string to a :class:~werkzeug object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  for a given list of key/value pairs .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the system command line of system and return the system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 instance uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create an image from a string of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  helper function to log a traffic server log .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns true if the given string has a valid uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attribute to the given user for the given course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for master to wait until master has *attempt_id* .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: mask-passwords hide build failures requires the jenkins days plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  called before building a template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  caches all certificates for given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a server .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate completion of the specified test data set in the specified directory .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the exported .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  get the rendition of an instance and return it as a libcloud exception if there is no data parameters from the instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  parse python source file name from the dispatch system .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move a song playlist file to saved songs .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write all conditional formatting to rule .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows you to call a function as well .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  same as a += + + .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  define a function if signals is true .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load the class by specified alias or alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow of maximum single-commodity .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  evaluates the input array .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  detaches the specified server .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  create an entrance exam object .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a normalized level html tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a d_n instance .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a single function by checking if it is not usable .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  str->str auc to area a column of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see newer .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  not function .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  merge a fuse matching to create a new dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  retrieve the network port object from the provided port name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the next history of the input event of the next history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object parameters .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a string for the specified jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the logging for the script .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  scan over all token in one manner .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global lock ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove the file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  set public language for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test parsing of data example from a table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  import and return an object given a string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a database for a given job .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if the module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on debian and decode when the system is supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette that the color codes .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  custom view for billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  asserts that object and places are available .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  create a string representation of the given error message .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the number of seconds since the logs buffer was flushed .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given a byte object .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  context manager to return an iterator over the current time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  creates an encoded hotp .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials for authentication .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of the list takes a list of words .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simply use this function to serialize a json representation of javascript code .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  return the value of the config file .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid host-name .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the state of the gc to be read .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an rate .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  used to connect to the salt cloud storage file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a verify_user object for the group .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the number of symbols and prints the layer as a string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack an little bit little function .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  create a l{serverfromstring} array of pairs input probabilities .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html and print it as html .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the sysfs ifname based on the pci address .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim the front and blank strings to match the given trimmed .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return a unique name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  makes a number to an invalid identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the tooltips filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to the output of a given view .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult from first coupon hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return pretty non-empty multidimensional window that begin with css_selector .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random boundary of a random boundary .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  accumulatemethods i return the prefix and the prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the absolute url for the comment anchor .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a scheduled task and returns its status .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  returns a uploads function based on a series of the symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels that are configured to work in the tree .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the computer guest to access shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  call this function to write the correct encoder to a file .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dynamically add a failure when new signin association fail to the openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  derivative of a function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of matching objects in product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set the matrices of a color by some hls to color .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  resolves the vfs path to a resource of the form of the instance .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  return a list of the sites languages .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  class decorator that maps a metaclass to the base class .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  saves the current filter object so that it is read stored within the current context .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover data to data .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  list all the urls for a scan :return: a list of: original parameters: parameters: the url - the specified list - backwards if the list - 404 - 404 information
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  make a dictionary of form form .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if path is special .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the cli example: .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new setuptools point for this test .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get a reference to a property of object examples .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get an eauth token from the passed credentials .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of available instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the request lifecycle as a wsgi application name .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: heavy-job this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build pages .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the radius of a graph parameters .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of all messages on the request .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms metric for a series of rms between src_image .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an object from an in/out object .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all the lti endpoints for a course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests that the in-db date of datetime has an undefined-step undefined-step datetime .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a django model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections filter .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate missing links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  return a dictionary from validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  cast to string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an absolute transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace removed by binary files with a new one .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check if an image is in the given dimensions .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  computes the n-dimensional fisher moment x = n x .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  retrieves the value of a variable in the make .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup iframe .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  issues the .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling check requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of the passed input .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  generate a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function name name function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email with a new email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  turn a process in a human-readable process into a table .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  shows a symmetric basis based on arbitrary basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  retrieves a query parameters from the declared in a dict .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return a symbol that is not imported from the module .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a gui that will send the given interface threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  perform a munge .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get the inset path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  replaces some bytes with a given ]m .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the unicode name and text store it into the queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  repeats a vector along the specified axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named query string with all stripped .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task containing the background instructor students in a background instructor .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retry the function if it raises an exception .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns the factory function for sharing the decorated process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  apply the logistic function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add a new chunks to the data for each chunksize .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  a convenience function for creating a signal for testing purposes .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get the correct object that allow the given type to be picking .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  parse any valid train and sign it with a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  returns the version of the bundled date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get a list of matplotlib options from api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the number of :class:layer or between a given penalty to the parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if zabbix server is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca certs file exists .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  this function makes sure that the signals are responds .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  get a specific service object from the etcd .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a binary string with base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get swift and access a given path .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy the instance cells on an instance .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a utc datetime .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints found in the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generates a mixture iterator for a vector of points parameters rvs : pandas .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  converts a string for use in a url .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  returns the contents of the file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the lame variance .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension type for this module based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query array and returns a python identifier .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the list of available plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return an array of the sample limits of the specified sample sync .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains any of the specified string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a float with a fixed number .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use the doesnt create the received string to scrub the request and body .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function for printing session .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return system-wide signal .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  stub function to share the config annotations .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole representation of the second square matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if *val* is a inf .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  segregate series based on 3 columns of their respective data structure .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  compute the log proba function used to samme probabilities .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function to create the unitary vector along the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  from arrays with non-existing overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  verify that the shell_history library for a local modules .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  converts valid html characters in a postscript of html tags to valid html .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an existing app .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  encodes a bytearray into serialization .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr iteration .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of available services that are available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate a regex value .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  pass the image data for a given image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal method to push .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript source file to a python path .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the cached inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  add rollout .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the quality corner of two polynomials .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that distances can be written and without a distance type .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  expand a service name into a list of dicts .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a message with the given id .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a valid date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a entrypoints .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  if no user is propagated a test dags .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  returns a tuple containing the know axes .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  returns password for given document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  allow for a single to allow it to be placed in stock .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a unsubscribe request for the given email address .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  calculates the circular mean along the specified axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  gets all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all tasks .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction manager .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error when given a new variable is longer than or equal to the right .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple example from a string .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify that the validation list of validation errors are validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that returns a text called after each test .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to schedule a function or method as a tag .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics for each process .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given a task name and a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a single space with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs and dirs ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  called on the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a json representation of a dict with unicode keys .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a imap trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return true if the named service is responding .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical spline between two array of a parameter .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  reverse the given dispatch using the given frag_index .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the *k* individuals individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  loads the crash report from the given image .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process the notification message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  loads a sol model from model_file_name model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html documentation for a subprocess .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage repository for the current thread .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  callback for change of utils .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get incoming shape of incoming array .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a data structure as json .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the parameters that can be used by logistic .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map existing items .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in scripts .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  coerces a cons dictionary to a cons pool and associated keys .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the given string with the given key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  process a network device and return the socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  decodes the given value into a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  returns a commit message to the log .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create and returns a generator .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read -> packed record from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a class corresponding to a mapping of numpy array with the supplied types .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test if we can construct a nvidia driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  return dictionary of api configured for the element .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates the contents of an xml file if the caller is a valid s3 .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  turn a volume from a map or group of arrays into a standard set of arrays .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  extract a series of length-1 names from the input data in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a binary key from a string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move history characters .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  wrap some base64 encoded hypervisor from bypass .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a corner server we can use the range(n) .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wraps the method so we can keep their api method .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run users command line openssl tool .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform an absolute location of the files and returns the contents of the files that contains the files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update the cache to the cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for the application to be returned by the specified path .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  generate a student that can be built by a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the key on the ccx nickname and cleans the key of the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  expand public and write to file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a contents of an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return zero or python object for an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless the given commands is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse a valid user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  helper function to be used in the sympy expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  move a version to the git .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a numeric code to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over the contents of the commit reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a sm volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  return the functions of x with the same functions as if func is true .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested sequence .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves a sequence of datetime-typed .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  dump the cmd that need to use .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender to all receivers which should be start from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  same as normalize_index() .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  return a generator for an audio file which uses the unix file to read and not in the list of seconds .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the service by a float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure log format for smtp connections .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  example of windows .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return a randomly sampled info .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the source node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  delete virtual vm options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  return a random subset of bernoulli with specified shape .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data to seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file inside of the specified package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json "changes" to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is a valid numpy .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  test that installing from a overlay to a given overlay .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  lists all zones in the current time .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns its contents .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line of quoted-printable text .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  return a list of all errors in the given doc .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  called when an exception is raised .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration created by default .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns a rendered template as a string .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  given an object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric server configuration variables whose names match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return list of files in the attempt .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  replace tan and cot with sin/cos .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file descriptor to the specified path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return instances of the service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current environment .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific bufr image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a boolean .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find subnodes in one or more file with a data structure .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters as suggested by the html .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to add a test class to the target class .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a valid security group .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links as a tuple of the studio .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations translations to a fif file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  add a new record path to the role entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests if the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute an formatter .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  gets the source for the given line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a set of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns the team matching the team state from a team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a saves to disk for given store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log protobuf entry to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return weak language list .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create all handlers .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  render a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of javascript values .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the localized events for signatures signatures .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  accumulatemethods a table in the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the ora2 object connected to the certificate .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator for methods that are known to handle a long-running function .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an xml document .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a datetime .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gets existing text command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the installable data of a pyrax with custom notification data parameters .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds a new iterator instance appropriate for the given locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  add a possibly color to the given data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  factory function for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string c{p} .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance that is created with the given engine .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn a series of grover .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a dict for all rows in a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start tasks that are installed but dont know a new codons .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the excel cell of a sequence of items .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit from tb to limit pre-processed entries .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the points in a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return the text from bootstrap sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  replacement for recurrence .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  remove all requests for the given course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run a statement command external - not using statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that functions can be automatically loaded .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of accessible xblocks discussion xblocks to the specified course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically add user to single profile group .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return the current version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  connect to the database; database .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  get a driver type from the provider by provider name .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with the given course context .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation name for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  checks if there is an ndim=2 attribute .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple and summaries and avoid array .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  login to the login with the status of the console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  new jobs cannot be submitted in a separate coordinate .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  return a formatted directive output with the command line options and creates an options .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return the contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function makes a insensitive execution for the given json string .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a list of matching prefix names of the given filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator for functions that prints the decorated function to person a method .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate the value of a calculations .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph from a expression .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  return the canonical string for the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  there is a feature instruction in x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  ensure a parameter value exists .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  parses text containing irc formatting codes into structured 1 .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  step content-md5 - used for two independent images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  define a clears clears the overridden context .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the loop .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a context .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  return the current partition .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  wrap a function so that it only returns a unicode object .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the number in a posix format in the given date .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator for print a box class type to an uninitialized url .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call this function via an api to return a list of all available vm .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  shows a user who the user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  detect a cache based on detect module .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup directories .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from geonode .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  gets the ip address of a request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  derivative of scipy .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  setup the test template for the test runner .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  put an expression into a multinomial form .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns the show token .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  perspective add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the line has been updated into a single line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns the string to use for a given image path .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return augeas type detection by d^2 .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and add it if the large path exists .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a new instance of the given type .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  returns the address of the given type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  attempts to drop a vm on the specified vm by the results they are running when the server .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  compares exception and exception to support exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the right tree in the given tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  create a table with a wrong twoline .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  find the number of trailing integer in a binary encoded format .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read artemis123 clock data as raw data .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  lae: is x and lae: .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and remove a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  raises a valueerror if a string is a subclass of a given type that is not a subclass of a evil_member .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call a function if it raises an exception .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an empty list that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by bindings with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  clear out docker key .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  takes a string and returns true if the first min_step else contains any other switches .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of mismatches with the given primer and primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the path for a given file in the users .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create a given module actions .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  call this function via async .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return true if the given class is a string containing a changing name .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the set of strings .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  common code to copy of the master function .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture that require a language loaded in the loaded language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a data object for the group .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  mass of all upcoming events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  open a flow from a file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to return the date/time of quota from an object .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add the length of a string to an offset string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses sqlite tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an upload file to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the tree .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial dimensions of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  adds a new dict to a dict of the parameters to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add [boolean dataverse .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  helper for ml .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verify that the specified password matches the supplied password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper function for defining parse actions that are not none .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  sets a class instance to a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a new taps to the oauth2 .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg with an name is of characters that can be represented .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  render the final final graph to a given action .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed versions of the package to add a package to the name of the package to the package .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the kevent kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file using mkstemp() the 0 .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get loops for a loop in a given direction .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  retrieves the device path from its file .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  returns the chi-squared statistic .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  perform the pairwise kernels of each input in the negative negative value of the input validation and return the results of the matrix .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a list of links that can be assigned to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an epic with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  retrieve the file from the scenario .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  measure c library of input to return .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  set up an http or verify http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  parses a node using the content as a string .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  lookup the input argument as a quoted .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get all block device mapping for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  makes sure the supplied url path is a valid filename in the correct .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  given a mask .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete an inventory class .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  utility to load the current module and return the dict of config .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort an ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns the form for the swift post .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api calls to be used for the given application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that ignores django .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the signal matching the given process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a comment for the given issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  courses to skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return list of all plugins and event names .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  solve wi .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the entire linear mapping in the data execution .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns javascript string for javascript and fortype .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  an iterator that yields the first item in the context .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source mapping and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  get the version string from the command output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  returns the root-mean-square of a bound tensor .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  increment a device in zenoss .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  inverse operator with nonisomporphic should contain a nested string .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a files to a destination .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameters from a group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first node that is a successful of the given node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports an existing dotted path .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure the standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected proportion __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check that the right weights of weights has weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  get a ceilometer from the database .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the given request is a wrapper that should be treated as the necessary lockable but with the given request object .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  add two mathjax script at path .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the directory at path of the given path .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if all items in the input list have present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  convert a pathname or directory path to a masking mkdir directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  loads common settings from conf sets the request loads the request configuration in the future .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex and the conch .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open an action -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - dont use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  start the main application .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter list of parameter parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  return the page from a page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load if the module is available .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if python version is installed and fails if it has the expected formated url .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an acl reviewer request .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  verifies that the block has the text-match text-match .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the current user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check the correct queue for a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the current session has the permission to do not have a new prompt .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse incomplete list of incomplete statements into a string .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  adds slashes to the context .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value pair format file and return a dictionary of the entire file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that unpatch headers exists .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed ip address for the specified address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get an http cached http response .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of all lines on the account .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that 17x17 of operation creates a new axis .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a partition function to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns the path to the built-in test data files .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find a subplot plot a list of plot parameters style : int .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy a new transcript from the user_message object to another location .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of active board ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  type add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator for :func: .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  writes the supplied attributes to the output file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  a view to render a rendered resource variables for a given resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make a runner runner to pidlockfile test cases .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user for elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  follow add to preselected user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  list all help help files .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals number .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  load macros from the given module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns a dict of environment variables .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  helper to get the value from the attribute dict .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a single network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return distance in a relative prime number .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  mill the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns the base node with the given base .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get a city lat .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  decorator to protect post() cache .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure to pass a view of this page .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  make the precision like the datetimelike-keyed .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  track a track .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on a server .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex str and bad bytes .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  returns a list of list of users that have been list of users as a course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to the class instance .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer value with a given number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject access to course keys .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  display a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run flocker-volume with the given arguments and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns the current time in the current context .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to create a list of values .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from iterator that match the given iterable of explicit dependencies .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  association a proxy for the collection of two instances .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media dictionary .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  make function pattern pattern with filename pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an type of tensors .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns an iterator that consist with the same in a given year .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  tar a debugging string that creaters a stream .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate a yet reference with unknown tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  compute the overall reciprocity graph of all nodes in the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all objects and append to the specified dict of tags .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a testcase instance of a tag instance .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of ids of a given db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this function is only used to test the points .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  runs an authorized signal handler .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change owner .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a largest/smallest type .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  fetch a list of jobs and return them as a list of dictionaries .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update the value of maximum neighbour neighbour dask .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common operator of a list of dict .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  token token to defined in an auth key .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an asynchronousrequest object .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the return value of a function call .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  print the label tag to stdout .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  this function installs one or more bokeh model depending on the scheduler .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns list of messages that belong to the translation translation .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file with the directory where a given file path is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by the req/req/create page to provide a back to the map log .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return true if the directory exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl and get available openpyxl in "faster" mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  return the device part of the supplied device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  return the current firewall dictionary .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of grafts definitions into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  given the region for the given region name .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  allows a custom wsgi application to call another endpoint .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return a time in a time zone aware datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  converts an arbitrary code string to a unicode code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin publishes rundeck requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  class decorator to construct a class instance from the class instance .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run a shell command in a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team from a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode a string like ip .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all format modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  release a fake figure and the motion according to the specified clone .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for domname domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  intended -> int calculates the search of a sequence of big-endian sequences .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a billable .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a nick .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a variable to a string for use in the given urllib .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  lists all available bound to homebrew cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  gets source of the git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  call to enable jquery animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step rules with -ic .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  given a list of lines to be used to avoid errors .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  this processes to write the metadata model to a new bundle .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return a parsed json object from the given string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  handle the account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  retrieves the national representation of a parsing containing a list of national number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the hue connection .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check that a string is a valid name for the name of a quoting extension .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  check that we can get correct prompt to use the same name like ctrl-c .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the previously pending easier .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  single closed check for closed issues given a list of issues and group issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  check that output of text .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for sphinx extension module refs .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  restart an existing zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions range and returns whether test needs to be select compare the test and configured microversion range .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse a shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this method is called by passing when a student exam has been created .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  across the name of the score .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a file to a stream .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  return the n-th coefficient of the polynomial x .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  mul where f is .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of collection cli example: .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an ajax tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  return the pathname of the given arguments that were chocolatey to toplevel_dir .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unifrac row generated by a numpy array .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  write the cluster structure of the html file in html starting with the html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate an array of events along the given events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  check if minute vector is in core/storage .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the actual segment between begin and end .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration variables .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  invert a list of indices like the form game into a string .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  perform any data copy with the specified source header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  select all select union with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  loads the extension from the ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the message name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs info from the given violation .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  line time object should always be a string of any time .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  add attributes to the config .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parses and returns request data as tuple from the request .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  set up the glances .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  create node dependencies below the specified package name .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : token | float .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a python int like charset .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return an object from a range or scalar .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes log of ufunc over a single log .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  a simple valid compute chop pdf image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that when creating header is called with viewport header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  unsets a cookie by common common newline .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns the image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this is a simplified sample who voor from a sample .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the layman module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key for the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the typedparametervalue method l{collapsingpumppolicy} .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator that synchronizes a function or method as a target for the specified course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric some messages for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method has a given method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create and write one component of the subdir for a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a sqlite3 database table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  check if the module tomcat exists .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  converts a hex string to an integer .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a git command string for the given hotfix .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse a set-like response from a json file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  convert any conflict elements in schemas into schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  scan the given file and removes all files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  get a vlan to network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  update the lazy taken from a list of partial keys .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to the beginning of a substring .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair that uses servicepair on a local service .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  obtain a set of image server based on the minion .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over a image of a contiguous array of size f by step .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  displays the amount of idle display time zone is available .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build a url for a specific api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the inner function of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  python friendly method to get all of the specified machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy data from a file to one or more file .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  returns the encoding of each element in array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you might want to override this function before sending a new 0 .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  handle the acoustid server fingerprint and look for information on the disk .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan is the size of the block rechunk this function determines how to plan .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli example: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns the file at the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a selection_statement listener from a dictionary .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  detect a service that implement a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a random graph that tests a simple graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the requirement requirement .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  adapted from ipythons setupbase .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of visible courses that have visible to the given user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute log(det(a)) of two univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  execute sql query and return result as a string .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep for a port of the current thread .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the latest version of the given app using the given runner .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  wrapper for generating request .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if current versions of pyenv and python-build is installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment and return a file .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test creating/updating a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test if all returns before the system parameter to the box function .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary with the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a dictionary with the given features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  verify that an expression matches the same signature .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a colormap of the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  set the number callback to the queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  plists can be expression with severity on a dummy logger .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata from text representation .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  given an we occasionally .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the provided service type is a valid admin type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom decorator for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse one or more timestamp string to a datetimes .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  return a url value that can be used to generate a url with a given value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  news dashboard form page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs gettext gettext function as the new gettext and python version .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code should not return empty .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  see if writing and fill are random and fill them .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load decomposition of a binary file to disk and return a numpy array .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  convenience function for pillars requests .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a list of test names of the given test case .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the currently registered compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data for a sparse dataset .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a line and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts text to a ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  locate a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that fixes with pytables methods still input .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture to return a url .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove css classes from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that ignores unicode to a string .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check isolation forest for sparse and sparse matrices .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add the specified host to the list of aggregates .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  updates the configuration of the configuration field .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the whitespace list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  decorate a resource request to the last api .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  search a list of fields for a given dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves data to a string .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp commit to the current version .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting a property into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode string data as a mocked version .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  gets the source script contents of a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  given a url return a table of the content prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine hemi as a 1d samples .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for the given exploration_id with given exploration_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component of the specified component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a walking in the gui .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  a wrapper around sasl rewrite_links() that doesnt do not throw a clean block .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  call rebuild_node upgrade .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  es down the currently decorated template down the post .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns the index that are the index of the two arrays .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return an event object .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  decorator to pickle a function or method call .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  returns a portion of the metadata that has the given license view .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute the surface of a [2] image .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer number generator in the compute .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file ceased and on-disk values are marked as a on-disk .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  a generator for creating a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some xml characters in xml .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  check whether the replication status is a replication off the desired role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  print the string representation of the xml as a dictionary .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decides if the required platform is a human-readable extension .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  return current time when a string has been updated .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  enable an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  this handler calculates the analytics data for a course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the regularized score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column by already exists .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parse __namespace__ file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  represent the required tree as a treesegment node .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download url based on github api .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server manager webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the type of a given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validates that the given config is valid .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping overlapping names .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  return the database edit for a given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the full endpoint for a given payload .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a time tuple to a timezone aware datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  parameter global parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts specified text of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the named version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the database variable for each block of the mapping tp .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state of the current instance .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  retrieve all the credit requests for a given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  parses a yaml representation of a yaml document .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the main reflect of the array that has been stopped .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert the xml element to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  plots the rate limiting list of dicts .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return the given string for the given filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the given user has visible to access this control .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  opens and configure the celery error .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  accepts a list of urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns a list of all images from the given product table .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  convert a unix time string to a numpy array of a given time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run an imagemagick command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  password change form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  get the current ishold .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project version of var(p) process parameters y : ndarray covariance : int .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of line numbers for each comment .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  see url .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage image to a numpy array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the basics of an interval is changed .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read the modified entries from the cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  function to process multiple threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create a new instance of the values of the given curve the object to be removed from the equity .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of resource refids .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  it would as an input shape file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace list with information about the specified host .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  attempt to delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a single-precision floating-point pack pack file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  summary line use the csv files in a iterable .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  strip between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  read a string of bytes from the given length and return it as a 64-bit integer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a "resolution axes according to the grid .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  create a dict of representable pairs .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  get the precedence item from a python object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return the default time for a credit timestamp .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to register a user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find a search by name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the full config from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging system .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: execute a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives and add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object for this python 2 .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  lagged -> str arguments: timeout : float rfc 2822 timeseries timeseries string .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical this plugin allows you to define "weight" on critical platforms .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  look for the key in the registry for the key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices of a symmetric image .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether name matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  perform registration on remote server with data which will try to perform registration .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a utc key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the key exists in the data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild the schedule and rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  cache all translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  create a new course add add a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the users home directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  gets the public ip of the given network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a file-like object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform some undefined-step recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the location of the function .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash from a multiple window .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return list of srs from thing .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper around window that allows ordinary to be passed in float .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  numpy implementation of datatable .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator that wraps atomic atomic atomic atomic atomic atomic error handling .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file server on the master .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  assignment linear differential 2eq .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print various summary of a given fragment .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  get a list of plugins and access it as a dictionary for the spm named spm .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns a phonenumber object from a phonenumber that matches either a phonenumber object or a glob_path: .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  compute the profile youre on a profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote list of characters for nt .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a sphinx traffic for the given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  creates a directory for the given directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  read a fixture parametrized from the results of a fixture .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  return an atom object for the given atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a model object by the corresponding reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  validate mututally attributes .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes scheduled records .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a sequence of a sequence of bytes .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the configuration and restart all activities should be run .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash with unix newlines .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure configuration information for nvp nodes so that its can be configuration .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all the ckan after a request should be looked up .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  extracts messages from mako to send the group of dimensions .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of exercises that the user is completed for .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  obtain and return the mongo application name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  replaces useful info with multiple parameters .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  calculate the in-degree matrix for a graph array object .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of user view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  general test for functions .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a string of a given points .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the security group .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the actual path of a key .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches for a maj and returns its name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and generate a relevant rules from configuration file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects of the inner object .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of dict and the interfaces that have been registered .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  a decorator that pauses access to the user .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a power check for an power of a power as a string .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  calculates the dupe .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen video chroma and return our current axis .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reload module api .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  serves a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  return the normal 1d usage of the cholesky decomposition .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  linear operators function .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  predict the required to the x .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return two sequences with generalized size and part of size k .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempt to remove a file descriptor .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  compute the passthrough passthrough interval along the x .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string of the given list of ip separator .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  make sure that the given object is encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  build a numeric short string of a certain number of words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  attempt to match the dhcp connection object that implements the configured tags matching the vpc connection to the given tags .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link to/from sqlite .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the grain grain .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function which direct the function in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a previously installed site .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call a function or framework if it doesnt already exist .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid format for file .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the sites configuration from a given policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a column witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously wraps the given process with the given log manager .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  a list of client authenticated with a given store .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create a list of available keys from the gpg database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of supported formats for the given formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  adds the leading space to the beginning of a list .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  returns the percentage of the value corresponding to the hash .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user out .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  responds to magnitudes .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  test a database field for the involucro field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of images of the images .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls into the channel_session for the server .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a single module name .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the current push push .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  return true if the given single forum has access to the given course uname .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return path to the distribution .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the backup for a file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  yields cyclic item from a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  test to ensure its easy to custom the exception type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  detect all of the python files in the directory tree .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  shortcut to load the mac directories that are relative to the given relative path .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all volumes belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the incoming rate at path from the incoming erpnext when creating a valuation .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse the ancient function for a given connection .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the specified avatar context as a javascript object .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if a command is idle .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  converts a reader to a tree of strings .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return arp_cache information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare the specified reason .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a queryset of queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  returns the pid for the process id for a given pid .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  smooth contrast of a numpy array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  onpick helper function .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check that it decides how far .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  configure all log loggers to the attach module .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  ill try to allow interactive python installation by input .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if an instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone code object .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build a serialized json so that the json can read the data from a plotly .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves order order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parse a generator of rules and a prune_self_dependency rule description .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  accepts a list of nodes and merge them into one with the appropriate number of nodes .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate that define the right tunnel types are supported .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  this function creates a new ips that was available to remove the network from the nodes of the domainname .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  verify the current versions of the last call to the c{maintype} .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable or disable an exception .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return virt only for macos systems .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given string is a valid one .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  datetime | str hex-encodes either a datetime or date .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return a print print off of the given function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a due from a layer of the given area .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  retrieve the signature of openbsd data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  get the path of the file containing the directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterator of items that correspond to the given sequence of items .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a random paragraph string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the current user has the permission codename validation .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  decorator for memoizing instance methods .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  find the timestamp of a and b unix timestamp .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  returns the hermite interpolation for the standard cases of a fraction .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  opens topics from a foldermissingerror to the configuration .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | prec .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the output of verbosity names and outputs it is assignment_expression .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  dummy view for testing .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a sequence of random data for a file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  function that like general function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path of the given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the sentence text of the object .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory where file has asked .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads and returns its content from the url .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  filters out all products of the given queryset .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  set a simple attribute of the decorated function .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  change cart code to the users cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  i have my email with default parameters .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  method decorator that ensures the layer is included in a feed .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  return the length of the appropriate key as a string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse this function from one or more return a pretty instance .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test rotated elliptical required by column .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the attribute of the given object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a function that should be called with a background task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  compute vertex polynomial of given rational coefficients .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  retrieve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a context object for the db .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  generates and returns exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a unary window in a matrix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule strategy in the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker with given values .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints a text to the console .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  configure the default 'wheel' .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the portage database to latest packages .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  parses a timestamp timestamp into a timestamp timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  when end logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  return the liveaction to call an api .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs the reactor and return its output .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user specified in the home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  rest controller for programmes <> projects .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that revision is a {from:to} revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  gets the experiment from the temp file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main the sample for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores a list of key-value pairs to an existing one .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when a shell alias is started .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone an object and returns a list of replacement .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the unique theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  file : field_id | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for the master channel .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of distances in a very specified in location .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  xkcd test objective function .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a list of input data to a temporary file .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates in matroskas format to be parsed in the date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  drop a username to the saturated et .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  apply a tuple to a tuple .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  this function remove the first children of the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy service the wildcard service is available and will return its buildout name .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a rotated kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  always predict .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  run a list of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute a surface diff for a surface array .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert from django to the second square root using the requested dialog .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown chars with appropriate values to field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if the function is monotonic or if we havent already exists .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  tests whether two binary arrays are common to maintain .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a sequence of iterators based on the log-scale and values .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the incoming notification method would give the same way as the inversion .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  concatenated rectified linear unit function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  __doc__ the xml element .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the setup for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  test that moto function built with a plotly .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline loops from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  recursively flattens a dict with the keys and values .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check and set a python version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  loops through a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to the current time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  gets the local representation of a memcache file .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  returns a incoming user object for the given user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  get a full url for a resource .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates processed_list information in post data to a xkcd api .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load a python data structure from a file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does several source data in a context manager which looks up to optimal languages in the data in the attribute and returns a data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the manifest for the specified stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of the method and the given uid .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a configuration from the database .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory for this script .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  computes computes the deriving dictionary .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  fatemans system take given a principal distribution .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  retrieves the course_context id from the given object and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a script in a python directory against the given data .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a specific library module by name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  issue a issue titles for reverse of creating a person .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a unicode code string .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by path .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the partitions of a disk image .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  this makes sure that the center will be appended in the form: .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to iterate over all the data in a handle .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  like the absolute path to a module name .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed for the given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return dataframe for the organisations cumulative distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  all strings to c{decorator} .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path from the .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and pred .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert a libvirt libvirt space to a libvirt identity matrix .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove packages using opkg targets .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  return an include template with a callable template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a test repository that doesnt make any repository url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli tool processor for the given property .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  format a string with columns separated by width .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any item to compute outside the cluster .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate a unique accepted function for a given arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds an atomic group to the json-serializable group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  plots a list of objects for a particular modules .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features tags are parsed with a list of tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  makes a command to determine the command line used by a file .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of all random info in the specified distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the socket server running on a local machine .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if a particular virtual machine is tied .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update an instance or start with its update jobs .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the uri for the requested comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  create a new wsgi path that is suitable for the given asset path .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the usage title status .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and get its output after it runs .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  converts a configuration for use in the configuration for the given json .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  start information about the server .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear the cached char at the end of each built-in call .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create a absolute path .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if given stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given doc .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return the current release of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify that public key is public .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  check if interactive python version is open .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns a regexp version of the given string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version string .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  return dataset using regular assistant corpus .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split a simple record .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  translates the latest urls for each resource in the passed json .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  sync file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle lists/arrays for msvs .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is deprecated in the bad url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  removes //-comments characters from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  read a file from a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts happy to an mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius radius of a graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the url for the unconditionally .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  returns a capabilities object for the given resource .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the current thread of the outputs .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  indicate which samples automatically include the class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite by blending images using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional @docfillerdef filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  helper method to port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  store the language data and start a session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates the authentication id for the given app_label .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid characters and values of a string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  set and retrieve a getter function .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  construct a dictionary of cleaned up to the entire header there .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove invalid xml encoding and content of the xml content .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate a unique secret key and set it to the given secret .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return an empty field if the finds is not a valid one .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse the progress html string into a list of html markup .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  skip decorated port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about last version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return the current time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle signals .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  returns true if we should always have peer .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  get a random estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove links by adding a list to a list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if an installable repository is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : token | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  invert all pixel values above a batch of image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  display a certain xml file with a given python modules .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  decorator factory for api views that tries to be set .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  set a function using loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a sphinx application that simulates sphinx of github .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  take a list of power types and return a boolean containing the desired power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  prepare to call the given cli on the options .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  converts a adding integer to a complex instance .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that a *color* file exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne in span .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  retrieve all the interfaces assigned to the network interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that calls another connection and return a dict .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  creates a course instance for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  parses a calendar object and returns a tuple of hierarchy units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  returns the color at the given array with two colors this function takes two color tuples and returns the color tuples .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  test if two arrays are two-dimensional .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  by y as a lineartransform transformation transformation of y by shape and y when one or both of y and y is a lineartransform .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects the user to main redirect by the index .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return json optional: optional: lag pretty :) fan-out cannot load json returns: json string .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the indexes at the specified position between the row and q .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  decorator to generate a test to ensure that the test is authorized .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  return a unique item from a function .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template from the given template string into a tree of .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime value to a datetime instance .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all security extensions to the given logging .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return whether or not a given path should be located .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test multiple 2d 2d in list .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  remove the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the crossing value from the current request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns the key that is a given reference as a string .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if all group_id can be assert_is by the background line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  remove generated attributes from the set of stable settings .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  create a checker update the checker update this checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico -> efficiently efficiently .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection of a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  makes a test case from a unittest instance .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the expected value for a contract .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find all files in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  remove bcp from epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  read a file path to the like: file and return a list of objects .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for a given state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  construct an absolute path to a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on/off csrf token into one .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  do typical update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check if course mode is expired and the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a string into a number of n files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the start and set up .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator that skips a test if running in safe atomic .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  write the special chars to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove stack of data .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  return the type of the current x and x .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return image information based on the image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  renderer_name a raw response to a response object .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks if the current site is already far .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the mysql is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  converts a sysctl command line argument to a sysctl command .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes the specific component" key from unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate fact if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the evacuate or post option .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all pricing cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining points .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  a class decorator to be called in the config file .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  put all issues in the given list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  returns a dict of states to make the states version number for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update file targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  finds and returns its position .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  generates a inception dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  compute the in-degree sets of nodes in a graph g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  return lowercased string representation of independent backwards .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a new profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics for the date strings .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  run showfps tests in msvs and return the environment .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  computes the series of the dicts and return a dictionary with the same keys .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the node is used as a decorator node .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object from the s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize filenames filename with the given filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a seqrecord definitions to none .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  takes a timedelta object from a timedelta object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  find all none that match a nested expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  return the common data type given a numpy array .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must be run as expected to pass to the execution of a function .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  wrap request handler methods with this decorator to require that the user be logged in .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing instance_info_cache record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with the last-modified request .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  prints the current timer object .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse function for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret and write secret to last existing secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to human readable representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a single template file from salt master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  returns config value with specified parameters .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the additional path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new random cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to count and return a string .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in the given file object and return the contents .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to the same number of characters .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects search search in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  gets the c user from the list of values .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current task name for the given task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates n random bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this function before a service or a call to see if there is no results .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the vectorwrite dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does the given action have been set .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  this op is only used to generate a new one of the given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  return true if and only if the object is true .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test that the sanic exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  turn string into a tuple of positional and determine whether the index .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  queries the coupon and return the cassandra object .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  return a list of string words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the package can be located .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the contact data for a user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  build the log sequence from mapbox and aggregate to match the log sequence .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a function to use in a cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a form type to a dictionary of bytes .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  return server version from znc --version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  clear the elements of all of the specified model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the version number for the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate one of the specified requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  sum a column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  move a path or tristate .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert string to html name .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function to check if qsturng is true .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  return the raw tool path .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  check for warnings header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: sonarqube a file or parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  print and return histogram histogram data .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return the number of saturation review board .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the temperature dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return the number of characters in string between the two linear numbers .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register browser probe .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the random get get the hardware address .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all plugins and directories to keep directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  get logger for a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get workaround for an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a sequence with seed generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check to make sure the given compatibility with the given name .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  returns if a configuration file is not configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  near near to change the command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak reference to a prettier target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  gets the vmdk size for the given image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  given a version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  take a treatments vector of the diagonal and returns the first pairs of the matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from the specified path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  format a random circuit in random format into a random tuple .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return true if youre can be found .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  read data from a file and return it .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts the data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  reverts a user w/o the author server given text .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return most square of n elements in most significant order .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks files inside and infinite under the files .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  place a test method that a given version of test class .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a wrapper around timeddef .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a test class decorator for test class .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  apply to a python instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get equation for a point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given apiid and deploymentid in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a string as an explorations explorations .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if crc-32c matches the crc-32c of a sequence are sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  get the size of an object for counting .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  return a testsuite that calculates the test suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  attempt to run a function on a filesystem or instantiating a function with a single argument .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format a string to an natural number .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse metric statistics as a tuple of bytes .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  returns the average clustering of the bipartite clustering the bipartite clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  drop a simple overlap_slices sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the destination of a utf-8 challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github member from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute services for a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the float maps per models to the float .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a fake node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file given a string .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize a stream or stream like yaml or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean the provided path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : file_input newline | file_input stmt | newline | stmt .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next iteration .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  prepare configurations to use in the django settings file to query given as geojson dictionary .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from an iterable of expressions .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  decrease the retention stream .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  add two inputs together to the same number .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an http partition into the database .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  queries users by combining sender .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a single model and checks it with the current work in the context of a given file .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  for sample input file containing only one file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create test context manager for all application .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a list of submodules for which match pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  queries the given dict by the given argument .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  loads the use of the given directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  return an iterator for the filename matching the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  inverts a polynomial polynomial to invert a dataset .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the first command to download and return its content .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate a python expression into an expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  remove the specified request from the passed in the port .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test the right class name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  utility function to get the rest of a given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  the main function that returns the script api to be imported via the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of issues url and closed issues .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator to call a function as a recursive argument to a recursive function and shows it gets called .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running system sqlalchemy dict connect to the given context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  adds a symbol to a message .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  retrieves the next available volume info .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  evaluates a spectral removal of the string .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the specified configuration to a file cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max bits that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  return whether the system is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  add a flex to the element of a given element .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert an object to a numpy array .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase a range of code .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts symbol into a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  providing two instances of size those .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports daily report about daily weekday .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is installed via an sdist instance of the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test to ensure that its proper performance correctly handles url .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  decodes a host string to ascii bytes .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run the given shell command in a separate process .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a new volumes directory .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db directories are marked as a file using the case .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a allocations by a resource provider for a resource .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  try to apply the exif given an image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract a translations from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  deletes/withdraws from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete delete model instance .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open file with given mode and return .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  parse objects according to site_name which have been related to notes api .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is a valid curve curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  basic :nth-child() that stick user with the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor indicating the given attributes for a neighbor .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper function for converts an argument to type .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the specified location and return its filename .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  decorator to protect if the type of wrapper is true .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the percentiles of an array with respect to the log of one dimension .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the full path to the config file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function will return the shortcut for the given shortcut .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to wrap the specified revision for the given revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the data of all of the datadir files .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a boolean of transformer objects of the block on the block field of the boolean .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra extra extra dependencies .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path to the temporary link if request exists .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model object that the models can be configured on the given user .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random input .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive naive naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  compute a refund handler for the given course .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initialize all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  send attributes to a fresh instance .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if the graph is edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations to the given plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return a string .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  assumes that the free value matches the given side .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the safe blog hash lookup for the arg .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a dataset of data array .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit to the specified stream and write the content .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the given package id is installed in the given package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call available package brew .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the sentiment in the given entities .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license from the specified license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute the indefinite integral of a symmetric sum of the respective square matrix .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  parses a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the rollback" directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  wait for a thread to be passed into the current thread .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the freesurfer_home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the getmodule .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make a cidx .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that set .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts a sample from a replacement string .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  return the sitemap for the sqs socket .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the number of seconds since the epoch as a tuple .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  dummy function to start a command web application .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius to a mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to add a certain way to the method of a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  makes sure that no data is available .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static lb balancer .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set active attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are the kern pair value for kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  compute theano model with a given hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a link with an anonymous or compiled tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set the storage function to the principal square .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the internal function of the given python file by the given python modules .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade histogram of the specified module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return list of vms names .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  sends stdouts to stderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  get the root versions of a package name .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  determine if the given value is a fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  given a dictionary where the key/value is changed .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods and builds a xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all patches structure within a et al .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the architecture architecture based on the architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns whether the current powers is available .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  custom setup for servicecommandgenerator .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a single redis redis redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  locate a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  utility function to override an column .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run the affymetrix data in a serialized format .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  display a us-east-1 request .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin offset .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  write a replacement to a file .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check and writes to the last changes .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by cylindrical .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  simulates a new version number with the same version 1 .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns random readparsers for sqlite .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora based distros .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure unsupported page break types are trapped .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  retrieves the authorized keys from the given key .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the revision from the named revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns the value of a given field in the given fields .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a new cloud instance of the cloud storage .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  convert from one of the parameters date : float value of the weights parameter .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get the warning connection id .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  parse files in the <path> .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register new role access to the given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a byte string representation of the invalid number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read a namedtuple of type data file path .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  given an override object .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  finds respective parameter notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  this method provides a last message to the given data .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  retrieve a locale from a logs .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create the megam binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools and importing it to sys .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  return a dict with the given function that can be used as versioned .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  the tagged pattern should not return the compiled fields .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value to the appropriate string representation .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  return the send validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line of a message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  simulates the dictionary that contains the given ndependents .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to return the filelines source code for a source file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  add a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recursively replace units with collection units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  remove unwanted in: .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a request to the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save denominators to binary color by en-fr .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  compute descendants of a directed graph g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print all the rows from the given row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  prints a profiling message and returns the result as a dict .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively process data structures .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that the command contains a discretized builtin .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  when doing the parameters .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a valid vpc id or name and a route id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  require a profilessample for a given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for valid key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  wrapper around int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this method returns the media prefix for the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast sparse matrices to a numpy array .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse an authentication string from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  transform integer into an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  permanently delete a problem from its initial module .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check if a logger has field on the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the users password .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a user from the sync to the container parent directory default: return the path to the container parent default: default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a locale .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments to the latest argument types .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of sql statements for all models in the database .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a list of image members from a given request .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  handle epochs axes click .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the string list of line numbers .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  indentation the indentation level of indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in given format to a degrees .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator defined in the given validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water basins .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the metadata file .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  is this name some configuration files to one that contain contains a whoosh folder .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset information .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of all groups and the groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  page logged-in users .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get the bracket equation and switched .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the sphinx hold tv platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalizes a line endings of a list of lines .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing nodes .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  clean up the zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  create an b{accept} encoding based on the configuration .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential colors from a matplotlib of over the requested .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of all modules available in the modules tree .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings that belong to exactly and that were a particular state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  this function make a new figure with a background plot .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  get the list of exercise item .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a pair from source to destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the given image with these side .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update the first timeline object for given doc .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a file of a chunk of a given file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all files in the given system and append the results to the given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn and returns the form of a given type .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  return a finder filter and pyname are made .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if an object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  multivariate test of a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator that skips a function to create a callable that will create a new callable .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a new request to be sent and makes a api call .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format the current multi-line file or block device using logistic .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar array a bilinear transform from a sphere .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the port number for a given device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install flocker absolute url for a package on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  reduce a polynomial to the series of lazily .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length - the length of the length - used to compute the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  set hipchat emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a either from a cloudformation container name or a images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the given string is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  returns a json representation of value .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  lists all private private details about the user and redirects to the edit details .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading as belonging to the course specified in studio .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  a helper function that supports the python http response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the path exists .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  decorator to loop invoked when a function loop to true .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns container name .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a context manager to run a given command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  transform a far identity into the corresponding angle of the previous identity matrix .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  list all instances of an existing version cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a parsed addon object .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  create the name of a file or a directory .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return a registered exception based on the given uncaught error .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  mill the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  return a dictionary with the keys in the values grouped by k .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct the page to the page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a remote execution cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova to the beginning of a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install the epoll() image and easyinstall .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the rest service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file with a list of open file object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the lxc mochad .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  parse a string and return a separated data structure .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of valid intersection of resources that can be found multiple times .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that decorate methods that automatically be associated with a method in the database .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return current locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  create a new tag with a valid cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  printf construct a format format type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying ccx fields to have a single course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test images with fixed images .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  save a new communication to the returnold .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  return the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  rename a voting entry in the column .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the image_upload_to is a valid query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager that changes made in a stringio .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals number .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format the current output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  computes a tuple of result of a tuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a np .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  gets the current target module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates the num_nodes .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query from lib into one .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  recursively matching glob glob from the list of patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  attempts to get an subj key for a given alt name .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  set worker(s) configuration .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  factory function for making sure the threads do not read the same way as the user: .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the version of the specified python interpreter .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks the data for the last modified since the user has been modified since the epoch .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is testing in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  add a single system to a list of arguments .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  compiles a file path and returns its content of the given s3 path .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a raw query from a serializable declaration_list .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of available minus .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list created volumes in the root distros .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get info about the specified computer :return: the computer description if found .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the tool_shed_url token .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  call a service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry decorator to retry a function .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the direc .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  calculate the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  emits signal that when a user is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple way of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list containing the value from a pattern .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path from the repository .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get a usable policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  gets the given element by id id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  return a dict of the tool config options for a wsgi .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  test settext .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  return true if task has customized custom task name .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the module as appropriate for use in the tables .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi session name from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  return an argv flag for the first argument none if there is not none .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this operator is needed to call this when we dont use a numpy array with a local variable .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt encrypted_data using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  ordered view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if github exists in github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function for the grains from grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper function for defining parse actions that are within a blaze expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data - the 8 high bytes of the data - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  applies a dictionary to all keys found in the dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the correct mode that is available in this module .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the grains available to the proxied endpoint .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the description of a single channel .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  a log-likelihood of the division of a given array and a given plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the page has the specified user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  return a string representing the current style type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  builds a template based on a specific template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy files and directories .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests that the in-db object is initialized by the tests .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem from an application .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined but first callback to push the socket api .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove info from an image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  pass in one or more grains from the grains dictionary to run and return the grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  a decorator that converts a certain method to all the connections of the domains class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  list all the keys available on this computer .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  retrieves the metadata for the given reference .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  expected service name .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task object containing a task object .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  move to the text from the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  decorate a function to be a custom caching for a systemcronflow .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  return a slice of rss strings .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  removes the end of the data of a string node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html html plugin allows this plugin publishes from the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin this plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute the lowercase frame of a full text file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears out any microsite configuration from the minion .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add a single priority to an existing one .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  return a javascript string for use in javascript argument .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  migrate the database to the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a string to a byte string of the terms .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return a message that will be expression on the destroy .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  dumps files into a list of filepaths .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  show action list .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  function to detect a table from a set of minions .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a list of the names of the sites language available .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment line .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get only the corners decorated function .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the contents of the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify that its inheritance even if new-style class new-style new-style is set .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the data from the jobs .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load data from files parameters .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command in a subshell and throws an exception if it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return true if expr is nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration from the specified config object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  decorator that checks if a route is changed given route .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a step definition .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  fail the log traceback for debugging .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return a matched tag from a url .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a list of fully-qualified path to the equivalent directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the status for the creator table .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  do not expose method of assigning data .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  wrapper around [x]html .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  list all vms available to the minion .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  it should create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update addons+collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back to a string .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  returns a form field with a resource name .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes valid hosts from start or notifier and returns dictionary of .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  returns ova for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name to a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert text to a html string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  returns an iterator over the socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to a c_long .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  provides an ssh member of a user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new query to the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  returns an edxnotes client object for the given user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that lex parse a string .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a buffer for matching with a given value .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  validate the residual and real matrices .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts an http date string to a datetime instance .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  context manager that saves a given exception and saves it to the subprocess .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  retrieves the open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  return the normal pdf evaluated at the normal n_jobs .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  get a simple api digest function with a given headers .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  decorate the test processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set windows for windows .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure pagerduty resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send an email to a recipient template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if an ip address is a valid ip or a very ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get the line number of the source file .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  for program .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  for dump of current working directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override the factory function and returns a override object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  returns true if the given name is a valid ascii encoding .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the sequence of <custom+tools+plugin> to a sequence of one represented by the name .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  escapes a url for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python unicode .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  determine if the given request is ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logout method which logs out of user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  return whether tied and between a and completely .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve all the project groups and look for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  ctr an image along the specified axis .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the load parameters for production images .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns the url matching the components: .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  which at which the zoneinfo is not a throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns true if dataset is found .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  return the lookup .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  mdadm provides raid functions for linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new absolute request for the given request .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the pages and publish the return a list of user ids .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an openstack service args: name : the name of the service to delete returns: bool: true if successful .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from the user or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  helper function to take the arguments and return a list of shapes .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a full module if it exists .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  get a list of roles from a given iterable of optional permissions .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a list of releases that a transaction belongs to a list of descending .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping - if is redirected to shipping .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the label image of a boundaries image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a new fastq file and multi records .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  subscribe a user about their email address .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return the unique llist function .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  test if w is a cube weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the current attendance dictionary for the given arguments .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed added .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  load language list of language codes from the language admin headers .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns a query that has been pending within the given value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import *package_name* .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  helper to log :class:formatter .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the list of f of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the information from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check that the object would be tested correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content content on the row in the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  expr_eval -> series data set into one of the dataframe .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a "service" .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  this function retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  load an slightly file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator that converts a function into a wrapper function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache mode cannot be inserted .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the hour in the series is greater than three series .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned byte arrays in file handle the given endianness .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents of a paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of representation trees into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides the ascii frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of all the handlers to the whole tables .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  splits an actionexecution compatible dict into an actionexecution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the given user has masquerading as masquerading .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return an error response to an error .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a new review request .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  print a list of all managed columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the mask for the current channel group .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  fatemans the use of the coverage for each row .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release a number of media tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  make an image into a human-readable location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the windows service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to track each data type .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that handles the password back to reset a https password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return the indices of a sequence .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add linear cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename all password in a finder .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert a line size in vcenter into the given line .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  test either if an fit is cleared .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  minimally a complex image at the top of the complex xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns sensitive content of the supplied value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base regenerate | testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns the parameters of a code based on its parameters .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if one exists .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  data -> gzip decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  package overlapping package pointed to be purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts a three code from a function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check for a given password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set the value of an option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return string to be used to format and refs the one that represents the add-on output to the backend refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to return the salt http response .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a polar image should be a random format .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of unicode strings .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple containing the minimum member of the current thread .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses to certificates controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the support version as a string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses the command line of a specified file .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error error message for the qt index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  makes a command line options to be passed to the securityrule script .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generates a generator that yields ims positions for the given pattern/regex .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a decorator that adds a function to be called or method .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this function takes a document and returns a new index as a dict .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert to color tuple .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a human-readable join list from source .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  take a time in epoch format seconds since epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a source entry to the api endpoint .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc files and return a projection .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the operations and start a given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile everything .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the values in salt configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a directory at the specified position .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a django setting changed event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  dynamically generate a single resource label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  make the minimal minimal instance .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  shorthand to copy the unix master to each read it .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  subsequence a row with scaler elements .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  returns the total time of a bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns true if all the dict[key] can be built in a list .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  return certain json for a scan of seconds .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  return a regular expression string for the specified path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate active padding for alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess of field instance .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert a dialog .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  crop a untrusted image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  async version of events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create the correct type of trans and store it to a tar suitable for ssh .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  remove x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  opens and configure the configuration file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  this is array .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the encoding doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a string with python source code to unicode string .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a double data image after use it to expanded .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns the 128-bit hash of pem parameters: multiple of pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split module into a dictionary .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  annoy function for read_local: comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that starts the given tokens with the given content type .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  quick test of mininet examples .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label a string to a number of colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple lines of length indices .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove a service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  execute a command in a given shell .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability as a description: matrix of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  pass me an object and interact it to each object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the contents of an image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that no timezone is correctly .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  transform all games for the last active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the version string of the powershell version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given the filename .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a custom curve into the specified name .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a 2d numpy array to a file of the form parameters dirname : dask array of file .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate the axes function sos and return a single transfer function .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads contents from numa .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue #1919 .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  split sequence into a sequence of sequence of blockmatrices .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run the discovery entry in cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the string representation of a list of trees .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an http request and passes it to a dictionary .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of pipeline names and their keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns a dictionary where each tuple is in any of the same where the given string .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function instantiates the cluster to delete a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information about the logical configuration in a specified kernel cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  iterates over the tag for the mapping of metrics .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create and return the gzip encoding .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  cubic a given spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all the info for a scan :return: a list of: found .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get a list of physical unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open one or multiple files to a new url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  decode a file in base64 format to the file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a number formatted number for a preferred number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts two strings for use in a different string .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize the given addons instance for internal settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  make sure all the extension for the given message timings .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is a thrift thrift error .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  there is a public key function that matches the specified key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  returns true if the current tup: contains a terminal .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  perform a facility() equations on an arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if valid strings starts with an empty dict .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  returns the string representation of an object .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the contents of the icon service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  return the list of weighted values .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get a container container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declarator : init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  colorize color by .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts an error code to a string .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  combine zero or more tuples into a list of locations and 100 values .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  member2 a virtualbox database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes it sort larger than anything it is of the middle class .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  datagram test files as a boolean .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all the registered networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a copy of the string .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure that this attributes of f .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  transform linear unit 2 guess at layer 2 and print them to avoid bit .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test equalization of sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate the format of an eface message .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  return the reference translation class by the given reference .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the graph g of the tree g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  returns a string representation of the smart .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse start_time weird parameters from tuple .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  accepts the node from the node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of html difference between old and new sum .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  list running running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create only the custom language by default .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to cause a view to cache its type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the source node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  attempts to find a list of label and its result in list .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  return the given path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure nltks files for simulates the attribute dictionary .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if properly set .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  show a 303 to the given redirect .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release the files to be the java .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  return a sample class of final item of final layer parameters epsilon : array_like sample epsilon : array_like unique epsilon : int .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  soap soap route .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a valid key path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this gives admins the channel that the user has been set to the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  get the get_conf() .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build the metadata dictionary from the metadata object .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  with_settings() to work with a data structure .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink of a linear move by w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  get the cart cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  tests normal gui .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  iterate over a stream of record objects .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new python console instance .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the lxc service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  finder can accept a incorrect index in different directories .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  queries the credentials for a given account and credentials .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap a zeromq socket to a socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top rated domain object for the given exploration .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #2047 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta with the media descriptor object .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal normalization .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores the exhorting file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to the specified resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load data of oslo_cache .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  copy the threads and idle op of each feature in an empty ultimately .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  for each attributes of the tree .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parse a call and return a tuple of .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  returns all the generated sequential grades for the given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test the specifics class for compilation .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create random string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  like munro but loads them into one big image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  when any exception is written to the server .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore path at the beginning of the file .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  return true if the string is a subset of the string s in the given string .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return the row of buttons used to submit a row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml xml file .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  filter out to convert all ini to those sets .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an iterator over a sequence with highest func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse view for absolute reverse .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  remove all repository repositories from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  download the login form of a given url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  ec2_connect scalar for a representation of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum covariance matrix assumes we have a covariance matrix for our n_steps of time .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records sql queries from the given list of sql statements .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  returns basic options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  fildlist - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode output .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list unified diff .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace one or more iterables with a cleaner message .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  decodes a new table by fn it is not already defined .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  returns a 1d array of the l**p frequencies based on input array of the standard deviation of the l**p is a 1d array .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  a convenience function that runs a static string in the db api .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar archive containing all of the manifest files and create the path to a package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disables an apache site to be read-only from a site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  gives a comma separated list of foreign key based on the defined values .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  works with __getattr__ which the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return a string with a simple and }}} .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  return the version string to use for the report .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type passed in works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to submit a step to the request .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  open an action for a given action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  initialize the fsdev needed by model_module then receives the signer file .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize the data for each postag .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if url has a gravatar for the specified email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  retrieves the options that created the configured config entry point for the java application .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  set a default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  simple function to execute a rule with the given log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the account is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  tests to see if a setting has a same value .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string as a rendered template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a kernel image .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return true if primer should be logged in the current session .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  check if current families families is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  start the application server .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd currently used .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %%prun with mixin content .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator function to allow the most function used for the function that returns the transform function as arguments .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  return a path in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  called from saving and documentlistentry parents .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the various exam conditions for a user to skip an entrance exam begin by short-circuiting if the course does not have an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is a none in milliseconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  makes a single string to a binary string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns a list of all ''pad objects reachable in the specified list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate code and capture code and orders into stacktrace .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key function container directly from the function .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tries to unify two functions of d1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function makes sure that the resulting value of the series/index has been closest along the correct axis .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  test whether functions starts with least two words .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  get all valid super-mkdir; of base_dir .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  calls both p and lambert files to a file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in the env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a list of pattern and randomly swaps the elements in seq1 .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order homogeneous differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan object given its name or locator id .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of the available plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  compute m matrix .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a <p> etags string into a valid pair of etags .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file from a zmq to a string .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a reactor .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read the content and return content as a unicode string .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  you can override this to ignore a celery instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a valid jsonp callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the file modification times .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  make sure that signature to a column is actually created .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the incoming field .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the generalized cosine matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a metadata dictionary for a viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  utility function to delete a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song tool .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with the requested cfg tuple .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns a cursor from a db .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the minion to process and return the data to be set .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns a list of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect mappings to the expired environment and expiration it .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  test reading a table with unbounded header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces instances like 10-dimensional with mid .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  shortcut for enabling tests .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline of the newline at the end of the newline .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  standard deviation function for standardized prefixless .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the atlas of a disjoint graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks if a cert generation cert is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  wrap the given query to a query and update it .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the passed pointers for the given params .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  internal function to load a finder based on the given object .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users from the minion datastore .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the path for a particular specifics in the tree .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> ~/abc return a unquoted string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  gets an instance of the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store configuration value for the value of an option instance .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  return a list of devices that can be blkid .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  check if svn certificates by the given app .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme with the given bootstrap url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  looks up a diff of a number of tokens to number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the value of the given entry in the form .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the number of poygon and element to the segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex bytes .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a package containing the given executable or none if the path could not be identified .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in the directory which the file is in .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  checks for an refcounts generically .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  converts a list of requests to a configuration .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  return a alf_exceptions of logs entries with elements of *x* .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and return the module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  deprecated and keyword arguments should raise a warning if expected .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the user name .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure virtualbox guest additions guest additions are stored .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a job instance from the configuration for this specified user .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get llvm double by the state .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  converts an image to a numpy array with a gaussian image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  download all daily average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the dictionary of the kvm source keys required by the current kvm .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  get a list of distance path(s) names for this specified family .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  retrieve information about a collection of items according to requested collection .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track the netatmo component and return the plugin cover .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  return the raw token from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a handle of the edge in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a large string into a list of size n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  prepare an argument to the type of a given type .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if set .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits an element to *seq* .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush conda wrapping test .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if the given port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  return true if the provided url is a valid uri scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to declare that an object is whitelisted .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of a data .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the preferred input .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the nth standard deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of step for this returns: string: 1 .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value consisting of the right text .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph from hideki and subtype .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  retry -> returncode run a function with a given network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  retrieve the path of the package that the specified package parameters .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute a minimal number of gpus according to the given number of timestamps .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  returns true if the given request was found in the views .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible wsgi-compatible for the given country .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  gets avatar avatar url for a user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return info about the user .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import the module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar executable parameters to calls the command line executable are not created with the given executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test sub-attributes census .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture to create a simple test as a creation of the application .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object from one s3 location to another .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  attempt to execute all the custom grains from pillar data and queries .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file system path to a tree system path and the file system .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a gpudot polynomial .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of all the instances in a class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of devices .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first position of an expression in the array of shape up to wrt a dense space .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that converts a function primary key into a function call .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  bayesian test of moments using method for simultaneous distribution parameters mat_stream : float .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  return the network that are configured on cidr .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  determine if the given value is a fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes all the contents from the given system .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  task intended to use in <script> login .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq curve is returned .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  this function serves a temporary file and serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display all public contributors for a given product .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  adjust pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  this function replaces you to add typing .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get the iso8601 formated date and datetime object for the current time zone .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  check if a container exists .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return the number of polygon within a x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse the given path to a file or directory .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check whether the type of type correctly accepts a string type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  this function is deprecated when we get a call to the given netmask .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if any flocker nodes from the tree starting at a time .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  retrieves the exploration by the memcache and version .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  converts a dictionary of handle lines to a file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  coerce a string to a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the hashdb of the request object .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the last error of the given namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  return the distances; size of the integer n as a number .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test idmapper hash of evoked .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  take a list of infiles and return a list of infiles f: file containing one set of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  return true if all groups have been present in the configuration .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  collect a message from the given router .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all configured remotes on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  get an s3 .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  converts an image to a file and a reference image array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  venonats icon with one or more media .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to return if the generator has been asynchronous .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql model for column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly holes to peg .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the element with the given selector has text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds a dictionary of validation error .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy for use the policy that the precision is not using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the appropriate configured mock url .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true if the similarity of a sensitive ttkit is similar to the root of the second corner to be converted .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for an empty image .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update an accounts metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given language .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  when exception errors and how debugging errors to modify errors out .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories about repositories in the account .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a decorator that maps made to a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  check if the function has been sufficient .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all available tenant cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  match a batch of shape and add it to the variable with a new value .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read gating data from a file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks if the given response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  assert needed for consistency of a single covariance matrix parameters order : array_like .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a text and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  retrieves the namespace or name of the given namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from mako template files .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test x labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the result of the proto .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync customizations apps as they are in all installed apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  get a task object that were substituted in the containers .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave thermostats .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return appropriate host string for -> qaction .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  make sure an 822 format is named correctly .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  get the default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  add a pseudo module to the list of namedtuples .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test writes a htmls report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a correct image from disk image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care and return it as it evolves over the new tool shed dependency tool shed .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  hashes the debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirects to a user .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  get data for a given local machine .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  return image with preserving preserving weights .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template as a string .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  wrapper around sorted_list_difference .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape a dictionary for any vars .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update the supplied site configuration .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to connect to the database .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the full path of the specified module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  place the next item from the default .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape string array to make sure only data .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a numeric name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  generates an empty styles .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will retry a backoff exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set or dictionaries to set .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of digits of a given string .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of active ip size within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  retrieve a safe date object according to the rules in the specific format .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  returns the feedback form for the requested user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string to a kivy number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  only run a name/value stats from a sequence of ranges: .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the identity pool associated with an identity dict .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to a number to uncollected a given number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator to expect a bug that will in the scalainferreddepssources image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  given a flavor image name .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in files in the list of upstart files .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  gets a package that is installed .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get all the workers in other workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  build image library to png distributions from the configurations .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  wrap a circle polygon .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this utility function dos/windows into several text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create an open file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the open segment factors .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  take a string and return an openid instance .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to create a module while which: special entries .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  due to a list of elements of pattern indices .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the current platform .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  given a cpu_time() specification .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build the path to the scripts .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute the build as the build as build steps instead of this build .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove specific data from the module .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a dictionary to a 2d query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource headers for guided .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  convert validate the specified path to pathlib .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  display the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses input_spec and returns the unregistered contents of a @for .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  open a slash in a filelinks: .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  makes a numpy array with a matplotlib underride .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  list available locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a single field type for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  return the vswitch theme for the given vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the search where elements are in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for tournament graph g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  loads a file from the web page .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  return the module metadata for the given module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  returns true if s is a single channel .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a person tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload files to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a json formatted json entry and converts it to a file .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  return the series expansion of the hex given a series of a series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a list of segments that are gluon .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a rotation function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  abs(z) absolute value of the maximum absolute positive .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  gets the search rank of a given search and ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  return a capabilities list of authenticate attributes .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  get dependencies and data associated with a repository import from as it .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : start .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  disable code to the channel must time .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  this function is only used to avoid extra requirements or later specific location .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper to call f on a range that take the error seed and return false if it is not a statement .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new document to the beginning of the feed object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  builds a dictionary describing a volume from a pool .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a dict or an iterator of items .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  returns the parsed value of the passed value .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a set of all rmdir cpus in the most recent invoke .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape some chars in an object .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the modules dictionary to the given values .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  return percentage of matplotlib user .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  call this from accountbroker to an open file .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a parameter by name .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement for a given number of items and k with k .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  adds a due date extension for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test transformations .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the given string .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  if the request exists with a purpose .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  compute the matrix solution of a readable topic - topic + multiply .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since this inserting a new converter will not cause any errors to be exported .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create the public banner with the given parameters .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  clear the mckean-schrader statistic along the specified block .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a new instance of a thin vm .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  redundancy the gausswave series of a proportion .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  compute quorum of n length n from a quorum distribution .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a new image exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  expect an exception to a textual compatible volume .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  call the signal handlers from aws .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a recursion tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  false if two paths are not in special tree branch .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a tuple where each colors has a colorscale that is a colorscale of sequences .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the increment average of the sin .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return true if the requester authored the given date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a compiled rule object that implements a series of attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a maker result .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of active user names .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a rdbms class for a given engine type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  it may be a .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert an object to the native object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the mod97-test offset from the iterable if the iterable of the line is a the mod97-test offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  this function takes a python-like as parameter and returns extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to turn the data source texts or more return a list of u .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the securedrop .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  sends an http request to the given mod .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching the specified keys in glance sync .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the diagonal of the mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the current challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  log a message usage:: log the debug with the debug level .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  fixture that simulates the redis cache for all backends .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns size in binary format to take a mask type .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method or method .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  this returns the snippet of videos to the given html .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  create translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  return the oslo_config plugin name .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns true if the given node is a method of the given class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  stores the experiment fields .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value and scopes from url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  create a slack that starts the tableau ratio for each layer .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text to native python data .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return a list of kinds sorted by kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  get the value of the users that owns the given subnet .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a random string of random whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return a list of all best services that have been available by the given service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  returns true if the string contains only one character which is not in the given string .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  escapes a string for safe http exception .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  function that checks that the currently logged-in and move it to the given rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fixes the file descriptor for each file descriptor .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  converts a dictionary from image and a list of installed_apps .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  static pages index page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy data from the file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns a list of configured ioctl .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book and xml tree to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  given a path .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a new ctr cipher .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping for an entry in the console .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a dictionary for a particular wiki .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new request for a given user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs signature against an rsa request uri .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the unix socket of the targets ignoring and page_perms .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  opens and write the entire application .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  helper function to decorates the path from the tree .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator to list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all networks for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the wide class for a given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained within this image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the linux port sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  returns a hash of a given s .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that connects notifications and returns the config .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions of real-order modified files .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  converts a given value to a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  return data for overwriting to a file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  creates a token url for the given token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax view that enables notifications video .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary with the form .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  retrieve column name from pep key .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse a multiplier object as a multiplier timestamp string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a filehandle to download and the download cache location .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates a url by calling its alphabetically url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the postgres server .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a configuration object for the specified word2vec .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the local django server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the tree sets the distance clustering .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  helper function to concatenate /info data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  returns the class of a class by its name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns true or false if the generating looks like it was a valid solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function allows a login or before the login application .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  ensure the nearest character are running normal .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  makes sure that we are running pyinstaller on .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  creates a diagonal array with the given parameters k : vector the diagonal of the elements in *x* .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a directed boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running under https .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  make sure the config file with a access config .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test a valid issue residue_reduce() .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check if worktree versions are installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the content from the repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get loop with primary paths inside the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that allow user to access to view page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  wrap_text -> str extract a text from the given text .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the class represents a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns the leading norm of the mean of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  enhex(x) truth allocation .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape string for use in a sequence of urls .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  generate adjacency shortest paths for the graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  build json object for the specified python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a directed graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  creates a tarball to a counter command in the given path and returns the contents of the given path to a file in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of schemas of schemas with the given state .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known devices on the local node .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  insert the given node into the parent of the tree .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test method for use in tests .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert clipped metadata from instances to the local metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  adds the email preferences of user with the given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take a string and split it into a list of non-empty tuples .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of runner from a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator to handle a wrapper around the context .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on freebsd .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  microsoft a list of classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease mac address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  shows the id of the module .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate an ip address for random ascii string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns the current administrative dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  create a link for a file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  return a secure string that will generate a secure path to a path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a symlink path for the given theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns the path to the caffe files at path given a relative path .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  converts size in bytes to human readable bytes .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  get the current doc doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew matrix to fourth fourth moment .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture that simulates a headerchecker class to a temporary file .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string if it is negative .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return list of pids of the process of the given pid .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  return integer part of a string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip -> gzip return the gzip text as a string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return the autocorrelation function as a float .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for cycles with the optional context mapping information about the queue .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the appropriate python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  given a valid latlon latlon .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if a whitelist is a whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  return the template with the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the sd_ref connection .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers based on sequence of length 3 and softmax of gru units using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load if the dockerng execution module is windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of the given object to the given root .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the current movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  html to public key from an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of resource pools .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  queues user about auto email .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shut down the server .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for date matches .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the file is required .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  load only if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a bokeh message to a given descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  show the rate per second covering .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  moves widgets to move to move content .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale the input image to an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  get | cuts identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return a string with a recommendations and add it to a list of recommendations .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  serialize one or more untrusted inventory to the inventory dictionary .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  writes debug data to stderr or the console .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  commits the datasource .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete user access .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  converts a datetime object to the ascii id .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill the jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  get if the location is in the first occurence of the first occurence of the first occurence of the first kind .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a sibling dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that an existing project is raised by the reserved code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  error if the email is a valid email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  detect active js server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return standard repr of directed .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack the first archive to its initial filter .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update resource type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  default sleep for the amount of idle available for the windows computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  cusum test objective function for linear models parameters a in new_x of the rss guide l : ndarray the number of class .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display the result of a test .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm of lasso_stability_path .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  an option value that works like option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options turned on by switch -o .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  coerce a numpy boolean array to a bool numpy boolean array of false .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user information .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a specific ubuntu container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise assertionerror if the supplied queue is not running .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since last call was in any number of memory .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  accumulatemethods i always return the most recent prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount up an image to a file in the filesystem .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the given image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the long description for a given changeset .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a string to use that the filters type passed in .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  represent binary representation of binary representation as a in binary way .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator to return all possible elements from product .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  attempts to upload the sample files into the upload file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform samples with the given doubles .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the release group of an image group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a new socket object with a shared host and port .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  imports module api function .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the bayesian # of the bayesian distribution works like an arbitrary number of values .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions of valid control bytes .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  create a random sample of arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special characters from a text .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student record and enroll language .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  view all the forums in the forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return the content of a pathname .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a list of trace from a sequence of the longest list .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  attempt to return true if the given app is a valid command exists .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  updates list of comments in given parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return system information for the current process .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates all ns namespaces .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  require the current system to be installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers the given url as allowed certificates .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return data for a distribution assumes we have a continuous higher build using data for training .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the file system module to make it usable .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the authentication string to be used in anonymous authentication .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  return true if the address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips the number of args for each character in a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby ruby the ruby to install .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates if the given string is valid .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment for functional test files .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github api .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate a list of weighted values over the weighted length based on the weights of the weighted param .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the boto conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an excel cell string to a matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow the locale data to be converted to the locale .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  make the call to theres a history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  assembles a template from a template .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry this plugin adds the build export when a parameterized build fails to the builds has started files off .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build image to build mode .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the database .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces characters with an empty string with a single space .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  flattened flattened version of iterable .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  get a list of words to a list of the beginning of the given spaces .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open a standard figure .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate that the provided validator is valid .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: execute a test to notification to notification .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted volume_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dict with given user/group and status code .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  ask wrapper for {array-like .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  get the classes passed in the class .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all instances belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get node information about an elb node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  adds appropriate auth to the queue .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that the object has any column in the specified graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  return a linear linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split the given nodes into a tree at position of a tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  retrieves all categories available to the current database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape the platform for use in a shell to escape special characters .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return data to carbon server carbon .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if the user is purge .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  if the user has permission to access this node .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a specific virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert dict/list/tuple to a hash .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository for the given trans type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  check to make sure the carlo approximation of the positive integer n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host to enable enable enable enable the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new secgroup name cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a datetime to the number of seconds .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to return all the figure with a given axis .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a ctypes random number n so that its confidence value is 1 .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  convenience function to call a function with a sequence of arguments .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the object expr for the object .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into a sample .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a single child process .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  disable the cli manager to do the given status .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a tuple of arrays .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  dynamically construct an html format that represents a date/time format to a string .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds a vpc vpc filters given vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from requests .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change by entailment .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a figure and save it to the specified figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  get the payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  run a list of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  delete the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  run the pager on a string .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all the rows for the given table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return class="selected" if a == b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the such as a logging level .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a new models for interacting with more than errors .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with at the given python 2 .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list all roles assigned to the minion .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the javascript code to translate locale for the language of the given language code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat link for the corrmat spatial group .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get a friendly line of the current machine .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  replace all occurrences of a substring with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy to the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  decorator that injects the decorated class as being used to be a class or a class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a configuration .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  return the md5 checksum of the given path .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of available pull request url .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts the given password with salt .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  initialize the metric parameters for each metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of modules .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the output of sound .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return the first item in the joined list .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  create a new password .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the compiler file at the given path with the given arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  sends the notification with order invoice for the purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return information about the logical config of a named existing volume .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a series of active active sessions to the context .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the first item in the given encoding .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a parenthetical notation .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  discover invalid values for a list of invalid values .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  handles the provided password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to a string .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this function takes a list of parent auth type and returns a tuple of the form .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the flow entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run the command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for stopped python tests .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a special search bar .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  gets the default bucket for the given bucket name .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean list for a list of dict .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction of zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints the logging message to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  helps of operator w/ cycles .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a list of random bits with 1s and bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the given secret and add it to the provided secret .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  retrieves the given process of the given process currently running under .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  adds a comment to comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an iri string to a value that is iri in a url name .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an optional .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  wraps a wsgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  recomputes precision -- return an empty or the unification .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver at the specified location .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model a case with explicit segments[ .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set the value of a dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  show user saved playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  displays all redis server configuration .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  take a list of tuples and convert it to ints .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a layer .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method as a string .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator cache directory .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  gets the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split a symbol of mappings into multiple tensors .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic to the given topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  the 2d should denote the column .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string obtained by the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  build a directed graph of edge connectivity from a weighted graph g and target .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  returns a tuple for the translator if not provided .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  set a helpful message to the users eileen response .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns true if running from the specified platform .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this cleans up particular training and assign them to ticket ticket .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load private key .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram parameters .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  verify that the user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  a view that retrieves notifications about permissions .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like it may be refreshed .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  retrieves information about a vpcs with the specified name and returns it .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return a configparser instance .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  updates the frame with the given message .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  retrieves all the 30 results by the given list of opaque .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  construct an footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade entry point to windows .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems with windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  validate the ipv4 address in ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  retrieve a user to use of the crontab specified in .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom custom verify that we can verify the given custom cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  function to get a get_local_id() value from a function .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  validate a generated color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a list of api endpoint to send an error message .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the current application object to a file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  gets the string to a log file at the given location .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the given headers to the given resource .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  stop frappe .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for login to become login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  yields the location of an image and return the column-ordered as a dict .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  trying to delete all buckets in s3 .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read messages from a file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute adjacency line of a image by column .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform of f .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd specification .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  convert a fraction image to a any of the input fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the average assortativity matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a list of strings that represent the specified list .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  calculate matrix cube parameters d1 : ndarray array matrix d1 .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  and expected text .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for post contacts .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  testing when ziplines a threading import statement is created .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the diff of the installed diff .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples as a np .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one instruction parameters all : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  retrieves the like: qkeyevent .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view provides a list of available security group .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts a iso8601 formatted date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that sets default app to your applications .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  parsed-xml -> babc return a url pattern .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  get the summary of the users dashboard section .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a string containing some html characters .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through public explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a pep 302 "importer" .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  registers a list of relevant containers in a database .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return source entry point for -> character .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  create a file or directory on the target device .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  lists all the user groups .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition list of unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list of slug to be authentication .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans the url to an http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot_range globbing sample .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the minimum item to the decimal carried instance .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set or densities checksum within a reserved reserved for a reserved reserved .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determine whether the getprime:long to looks for the given matplotlib .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return true if a file doesnt exists .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  check for missing blank lines after class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  if a l{deferred} fails .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  ask for failure in the struct according to the same dimension as the struct .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that selectionchanged function recreates the same arguments as the scipy .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  loads the font library directory .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to a long integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the given headers to the given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  takes a dictionary with keys of the values in a dict .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a list of all the random number of payoffs drawn from the users with the desired name .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns true if host is within this vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the global options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check whether a path is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  retrieve all keywords to match the given subset of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  which download the path of vcr .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that will be only returns a decorator with the specified args .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation result of the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze the versions of the setuptools .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sets a class instance to a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  retrieve the task ids and access url .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  imports an object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a rule to a valid zipfile rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  determine if the packet back to queue .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the current version of the device .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  a function which just ignores any of the item in interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a mock allowing and return something .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  basic example of series expansion .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  used by unit tests to setup all object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator to skip test if lms is only executed in the decorated test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  provide percentage handled status code for a server handled .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device function .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the current numeric interface via debconf .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  if the diff information is empty .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as a last array .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load language from language and return the language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  long legged doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test get_version() option .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  return a set of lame .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  players players replacement for the old test dags .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get a tuple for the given datastore .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get thread-local thread-local .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string with the given private key .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take a list of dicts and return the string types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a command with an argument list of arguments .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  update a certain security group rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the profile info of a complete image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the querying class from the ports repository name .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if called without url .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function for selecting uniquely exceptions .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a bridge from an absolute path .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the login if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  move to specific entity to or specified entity .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check for import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  write copied from the source file .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  this function is called if gram-schmidt-like is not a valid cases of any expected value .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  expect a warning warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  concatenate to files out of input .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  all compute compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  performs the filter on the given data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  identify data for any of the circumstances distribution .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the squared sum of a dense tensor .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the split debugger and set
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create a widget widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue to a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a bytes in bytes into a human readable size .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to a quota volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts for polynomial literals .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this method checks if the dynamic has been set on the minion .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  encode unicode characters as a pretty print .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update cached options to add a file .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of layers for the the named container .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the partial dataset for an violin window-change .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  wraps the default rc params .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  extracts a cohort cohorts query and returns the corresponding group cohorts list for the given course type .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is the execution evil - either this implementation or sort the number of votes the weighted version .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  gets the number of public certificates for use with the current thread .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  api endpoint for receiving media files .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper to morph .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test installing a local directory using no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the string representation of a file .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string into keyword set .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group from the expected returns: a security group for the given security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  like advertise but supports all the necessary code that are editables .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  a dummy version of :func:textwrap .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  get the root directory path .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance title title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two entries into a list of size entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name and a private name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  create a unique file name to be used to create a unique file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  return a :class:kombu .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get a frame class from a pattern pattern .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn the given iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  list of files details .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the path to the appropriate log file .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this flattens nested sequence .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  provides a function that returns a string containing a given function as the time in the given notation .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the usps' sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native set to a python list .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  load the default dse file .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return data files for given absolute path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a specific interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message at the specified application level .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a given task as being called when executing a background task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  give user defined in the database .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  remove from the right text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the percentage of the values in the given list .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write entities in csv format to file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update quota allocated or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  utility function to allocate .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write the mapping ctr information for a cluster .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  iterates over all of a timeseries mapping .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  finds the maximum likelihood level of a binary array with the given color .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test a bug bug .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  retrieve a list of resources for the base_path that a glob path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  now to make sure that media plugin is installed and requests .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  method to generate __init__ method name to store's%smethod instances .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute precompute between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that serializer to yaml key .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new volume from the instance .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  decorate a alert function with alert .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer to a .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a given cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  checks if the current local file exists .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  a hack to construct a expressions with the values stored in a and b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  a generator of results for collection of a given collection .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  given a directory of source .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english sort of english sort .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return whether volumes that need to access that updates all firewall that have been updated as deleted .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run an entry as a cache entry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a sequence of freedom elements obtained by this function .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns a string with the form of the first ajax url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  a helper function to create a usable expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  delete post access of the item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  write a biom table of sample data .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  parses the function plugin plugin and return a tuple .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the current subnet on the password .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test a reference that is properly split the number of times for binary and a/b .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge ridge with the ridge ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common absolute path common only specified path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for a wsgi server .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a file name .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute the length of the variable .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the installation data and install certificates .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates the theano function .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a newly or a files .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a uint for the given value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video chroma .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache the resource if it makes a project with project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  return true if the given filename matches the matching patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decode the encoded preferred preferred locale .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for the specified course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing with an exit shell scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  puts text to call the underlying function with console .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns the base directory for a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  override sphinx version of sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a numpy array with diagonal elements .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap an image by its raw backoff .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a package version number that will be fulfills version number args: version : the package version number .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set windows and create a new directory for windows .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure a given option exists .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the given image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration and update it .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  equal_weight -> string return the appropriate descendents from a list of bytearrays .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  returns the kinetic of the elements of the array .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the source file for a given source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that sets the default state to the given app .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get a section for a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a filelike .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  builds the device information from the datasource of its data .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve varchar based on memcache and user environment .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to return the default access key for a script from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a continuous random permutation of top k treatments + 1 .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  parses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  uses the top data to override the current environment .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  re-map command line options with os .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  verify handler for cudandarraytype errors .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given the backup of a backup .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for each request .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calls timeout and return the reactor .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple of json values from a json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a new worker that contains a pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a list of all instances that are available .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns the primary key for a individual .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  decorator for tests in the database via libraries .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  compute the maximum of an array in a in a set of closest frequency .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  updates all taskdef and updates any course that have been published in the course role on the course that have been published in studio values of the course role values
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse f(s) over the fundamental .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  converts unicode to unicode and url-encodes special characters .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry of the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a replacement of iterm2 to a brightness .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is a code instance .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color that uses the same color to a specific palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create and return a new file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  get the percentage of the tris ico .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  saves an boolean and save the given title and save it to the restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  list available modules that have been available .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to use with a constant value .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the first available feature reference from a list .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a queryparser class for the given target name that looks like the python type of the sparse table .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an iterable of edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the proxy name .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to add a function to the class .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  translates wmt data and train the following format: - train a given data and train the following examples .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  returns an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  converts binary data to integer .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a single index graph as a list of edges .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a master decimal decimal instance .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split the list of tensors to a pair of the form .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a pmap field for a given key .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy of the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  prints environment variable according to the current request .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  return the number of text since it was last updated in common to remove {k: {k: static ijcv {k: .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  generates a provider location to deal with a instantiated instantiated .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  get a tarball of indent .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of effective percentage for each query .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query to build the query result from the test list .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the result of a range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  performs a mock request with hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the bio and return its output .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a url-safe of our current functioning data .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip test if svd is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an entry of a given base64-encoded key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for the given fs .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  similar to the topology functions that dont have the regex that an exception that is not in the regex .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it if it fails .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  return list of all tests which are ordered only <count> .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  loads a class from a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume info .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  converts the given string to a constant object .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the main function from the minion .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with non sparse matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the nodes of a directed graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  load the given nameserver logistic in a defined prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the given tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return a complete tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns data for a given file .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a string identifying the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the setup instances need to be compiled from change to a change .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  dry helper function for the outputs .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a :py:class:datetime .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a string representing the elements of a scalar or smallest string .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title containing a title and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a propositional logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create the creates the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  warnings an action function to the given parent with the given parent .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list of resource pools .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if a csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts the requested server id from an http segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on log handlers to python .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  validates that the given value is a list of key .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads data from file if item exists and returns it .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check if the given flags is valid .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  finds the lock on the lock based on its id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version of the latest os .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  delete an object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  creates an application identity for a matplotlib app .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load the module defined in the given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a thread and write it in a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for total_users views which can be used as a service .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parsed json so that it is not json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert val to the appropriate string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  disable the focused player .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert an hexadecimal string to a number of characters .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  previous request object from the response body .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are passed as this should use the logging function .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  clean up tasks to the docstring-dictionary worker with a given step parameters .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of a list of strings .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  return mirror or create valid volume name from volume type .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  like ones_like .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a list of scope names to a list of data .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  passed a variety of offset to a datetime object with offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility been required by the xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  read names from a file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the target url .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of all updates that have been lsmod in the minion .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to the vbd field .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the application code that contains the given format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message storage on the given page name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids index .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the input is not in decimals; .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill a pid process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary that represents a simple or emulate the mapping of the file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tests for a cluster options .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  get boto example .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  register a msgspec .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the given value is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  link-local -> link-local multicast address for given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  generates a server-server url for a service .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  create a string of random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the number of slices that have slices of an object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds key to the provided url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  simple batch of batches of data parameters needed by a batch of assigning .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  it only creates the tags contained on a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain name for the given url .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  allow backslashes to auto-register a normalized url to the destination .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available files found under the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the dont crash when the function is called .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  open a slash to a temporary log in the connection .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get a list of all namespaces from the xml tree .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert numpy array of files and column names into a numpy array .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  vector and return x along the specified axis .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  arrays arrays along the arrays representation of arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  display a single url .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a documentlistfeed or a source object .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

