test:  creates a suite for all rectified classes .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx for rfxtrx .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test most of the probes should be used to test configuration .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  get   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds paths to the given theme setting .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   create
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  cast files to zipfile .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   files
truth:  convert   path

test:  if test is a file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  gets   file
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by arg .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  add minimum grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  cleave   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  define a test unless it is relative to the function .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  are   i
truth:  null   method

test:  program a path to the vcs bar .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  build   vcs
truth:  if   path

test:  submits a problem to generate a html file containing the executive summary task and have been committed .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init celery config object .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  a decorator raising a method if theres a valid statement .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  given a date/time string of the format for the calling time .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  given   version
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' file given a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   home

test:  node to generate a node .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the random groups for the given uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  process   process

test:  utility function to convert a list to an application wsdl to a new numpy wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   a

test:  escape all the given string using base16 player .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for building a single axis is a theano tensor or x and perform returns x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  convert   sqrt
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the variable contains the given register location is not equal to the register json in the start of key .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the index in left by older than left .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   images
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect user .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace python to literals with unix newlines .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  normalizes   replaces
truth:  fix   line

test:  check that user use assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  translate a query strings into a list of case-insensitive strings .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  null   split
truth:  split   split

test:  run a windows driver command .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   stop
truth:  null   logic

test:  given a filename .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  given   integer
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process the rfcs error handler for get error handling .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  handle   fits
truth:  request   request

test:  determines the number of seconds to render a goal time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  count   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  wrapper around interpolation .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert the tuple x <= ordering .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the page with services .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an calculator length from left .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  given   alternative
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a shell-like patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  the main function for this script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time given a datetime .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   task
truth:  start   start

test:  total indices of significant indices .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  taken   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  this function is used to load aws config from a elasticsearch one of the config variable .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  uses momentarily algorithm to override necessary for a given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  searches   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a special group type for consumption .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  defines   null

test:  simple wrapper that knows next?" has at least one value .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  send haproxy servers socket haproxy stats socket haproxy backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   websocket
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  like a python cookbook .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file server on the remotes .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the file includes the file .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a convenience function for mutating opened to credentials are the one of the structure .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying a firstof variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  saves an existing user to a file .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  saves   factory
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task context is visible .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the nth covariance symbol of a random expression i .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  constructs   elements
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume services .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this is a basic base 10 .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  we would add tests to interrupt main task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  calling   average
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  a function to construct an array of points from a series of points .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  emulate   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dict with both d1 and right values removed .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  returns   endpoints
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence into a string .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   delete
truth:  convert   a

test:  log and get multiple data .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  log   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  this function is called to the desired .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  function   url
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around the namespace that appears to be used by the current settings .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  return   python
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   coordinates
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return a random subset of number generator .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in openshift for the provided json text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove data from data .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  remove   d
truth:  enable   enable

test:  fake password page .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the directory where 1 is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  decorator for username@host user .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   api

test:  get the username for a specific thread .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  get   css
truth:  run   run

test:  sets absolute path .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   hook
truth:  use   use

test:  return a new python site installed into a relative python site .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  try to identify a valid unicodeencodeerror cli example: .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a column in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  split   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the next ports local ports .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   ports
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of objects within an object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  native the native sets using the python sets it .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  reflect   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating 'node{}isnotin graph with a dominating set in order of the node sets .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  construct an array of points from a 2d numpy array .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  connected   remove

test:  this function returns the navigation redirect section for the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a node instance from ec2 concerning a node .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the options in a python root .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  known   options
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a converter from atom .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   x

test:  find the ceil of a dataset .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the name of the block server .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  get the list of distances for a given byte string .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects nested text of main loop writes writes files .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_no_params_with_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  form   form

test:  only load the name of a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  function   filename
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a url .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if port can be checked out of a boolean .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary of average pred[u][v] fields for each distances in g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  reads all records in file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  reads   pickle
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  convert a transfer function to the project symbol .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  construct   symbols
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns a path relative to the user-specific page .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant query .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a new defaultdict for a given image .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets an email address of the possible user object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  look   up

test:  on python 2 .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  null   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get legend variables using scipy .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  using   show
truth:  function   function

test:  replace how to enable gevent and sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  context   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a pickled object .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  alignment   form
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  trim a variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove redundant formatting of a string .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints all the found in <{col .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  set the time struct to the current cache .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   migrations
truth:  update   update

test:  evaluate a dataframe .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  is   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  wrapper for exception handle .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  helper function for creating a daemon .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether the given group name is in the group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore an spider object .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds the compiler dependencies to an existing plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  adds   version
truth:  compute   compute

test:  adds an exploration collection to the list of exploration .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  adds   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within features/single-quoted-snippet/single-quoted-snippet quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the task and the id for the given task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a timestamp to a tz-aware timestamp string .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the data .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the passed item names that match the list names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the equate for a process .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  like actual_event .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  run   values
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config config for all series .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  used   override
truth:  override   override

test:  convenience function to get a build object for a given server_url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from a svn svn after installing from an editable svn after installing from a svn svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   test
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple patterns function to return a list of autocorrelation .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   training
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  returns the information for a hadoop storage file cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  starts   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns an nth row of n .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which are a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_pillar to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   grains
truth:  sync   sync

test:  import a python traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  import   syntax
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email from the galaxy user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  view   helper

test:  removes leading u'%s-%s' u'%s-%s' from the object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  link   append
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to check if the object is of a valid type x .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  creates a mysql database connection with the required language code .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   null

test:  validate expected function for expected .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  validate   answers
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert 3 strings to list .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  return the translation for the current thread .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  returns the group that have a given corpus .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  dictionary   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator to simplify function in callable execution .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the configuration files .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot generates the trend report for a build step .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  escape all urls in text so that it can be used within a url .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   xml
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle them into an appropriate plain property .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  validate   get
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   get
truth:  null   psutil

test:  create a random random string .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of python code is registered in the appstats name: mr .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  deletes priority of array_like fails .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  copies   add
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the argument list that starts with something like a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if there are any urls .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize a json object to json so that it can be used can be embedded in json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  make a specific scene exceptions .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  timeout that timeout can be created successfully .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  saves settings for each line .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  settings   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a message to the remote email mail .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  adds   i
truth:  email   email

test:  construct a template list for each entry in host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in file format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  computes the variable definitions in variable of variable floatx parameters variable : writeme variable holding variable returns none .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager that ignores the specified output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a new action in the cidr acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  output can be created at verbosity .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  output   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  solves and returns the valueraise if it includes displayed value .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the ajax revision with transition stuff to match it .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge protected facts to merge in plugin facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  find   multiple
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test subjects and post successfully .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  kill   verifies
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css css .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract the local .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  if   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the groebner query methods .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  mnc[ metadefinitions for each entry in the order of the elements of the rejection order to allow for other order .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turns the pair .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  return if user is an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test events; .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  default   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  constructs a calendar object that matches one calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  constructs   add
truth:  persists   new

test:  load main loop for collector .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  map   function
truth:  determine   a

test:  convenience function to remove the path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return netstat stats of the named user .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a generator of document documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  document   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether the query resolves the given query .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  control   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  turns a list of arrays into a list of first arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a slug .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files needed for zone .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  files   calling
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  review   null
truth:  get   sys

test:  calculate the packbitstmp level chunks of the given number of binary which can be used to compute norm .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  calculate   int
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a file from a filename parameters filename : str filename to load for .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   update
truth:  get   get

test:  user write to raw .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determines a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  print continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  fetch   version
truth:  print   print

test:  the main page for document .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  look   download
truth:  to   null

test:  get the 'device data from its name .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of sequences in a set of the sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  load only w for featured templates .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   cookie
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects tutorial .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  identity fnc .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  output   encoder
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve a function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   results
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  normalizes a encoded file into unicode .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return images with each input zoom .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  function   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  private callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  null   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  return a post response object and get passed to a post post .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  change the translation changes to a translation unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  print   target
truth:  returns   units

test:  then parse the lookup value in the sequence .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec from a media or new virtual host if the vnc key is false .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  iterate over each list of reference to created a reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  iterate   version
truth:  parses   parses

test:  tests that the censure censure image type correctly handles an error .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  verify   error
truth:  null   censure

test:  returns a dict representation of dataset default ids .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   add

test:  a compact dictionary of attributes .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  is   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  load directory to handle the user configuration files .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reload a cooperative configuration from the environment .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  turns   changes
truth:  null   reload

test:  helper method to compute the first element of an object .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that get_debug_value returns a new include_names of value .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  using   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all python modules in the package package filepaths .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get information about the provider object .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a long integer from a byte string .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  retrieves   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute a set of unique vcpus field that are running on a single node .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   run
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  displays syntax in movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  using   a
truth:  run   a

test:  determine which path is an instance of executable .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  executes   a

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a list of email values .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  place any of the database with a given pool and returns whether to interrupt is detected than the version .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a database exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events that have not been acknowledged .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  execute a list of of strings .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  context   null
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the current transaction is in manual state .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  hold function .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  try to determine which ids are not linked to .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  perform contributors ids in contributors and associate them .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  features   fix
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks access password cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an iso 8601 formatted string to sign information into a timezone date .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function finds the shortest cost of a graph from a path which exists .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can run only steps of steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  helper function to set a cluster with a given status .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  function   plotting
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turns a nested version .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  turns   version
truth:  convert   version

test:  this function converts an roman to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  a function for computing regression .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  this method updates all requests to bypass a given office .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  handles   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a list of hex strings to hex bus .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run the pickled non xml string from a python function .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is this a final connection object and not a registered one .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of binary command .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a project for new versions .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   routine
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for flavor type .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configures the appropriate config file to use for the project .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  configures   mocks
truth:  remove   remove

test:  equate execution for admin_password .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  adjust   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expand a list of strings and associated with a given config file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  update   head

test:  loads sass for writing and returns sass - stored in settings .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  turn a user file into a list of user input .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  strip   filename
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a file for the uri given an object or a relative path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the module to use as binary .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns an iterator over otu otu map with otu bits .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic os installation to edit them .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  perform   replaces
truth:  is   null

test:  returns all files in the account .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted module given its string in dotted notation .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the data with a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed image : the path to the root directory of an offline windows image .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image from a binary image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves the volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for either all the python zf files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  given   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a function using a reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  run   null
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   return
truth:  obtains   null

test:  return true if a user should be ignored .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of configured containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a clonespec for a vm .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   standard
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  set the common modified key values of the original modified by original key and type .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the syntax .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member are logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  evaluate the gradient of a matrix beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  evaluate   equivalent
truth:  solves   null

test:  return the number of instance instance stored on the module number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture providing a window for log messages .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  adds   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  find a match for the given selector for a selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  find   null
truth:  query   a

test:  creates a volume by name_label .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  header   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that the neurons of some lines are shared by a random pythons pythons elemwise .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  checks if server was using a 1d 1d body of the entire responder .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  if   start
truth:  is   null

test:  for the given test data .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return => op if its lhs .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  file   multiply
truth:  create   lhs

test:  merge a state file after an array of inputs the top args .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  uploads metadata for a user .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  uploads   workflow
truth:  get   get

test:  ultimate oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   channel
truth:  flow   flow

test:  read plain data from .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  read   a
truth:  function   function

test:  enumerator_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture which provides a context handler .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  recursively return a default value for a given type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  save a collection to a collection of instance .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  save   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the list of project names .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  link link to link in url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  link   get
truth:  return   return

test:  flattens a list of lists into a new list .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup platform component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test reading of epochs points .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  reading   epoch
truth:  test   methods

test:  takes a key as the note on a more note calls .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  estimate rankvals elements of the input array .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  approximate   indices
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get if the engine value is running under the entropy id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   status

test:  main program wrapper around idle .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  null   update
truth:  input   input

test:  converts a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new tenant instance given a tenant and credentials .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the index of two nodes in ebunch using ebunch algorithm .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to create timer object from timer .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate the given wildcard pattern to a regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test for :class:jinja2 traversal using the variable length .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two lists of valid items .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return a mock object with the information on the following configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  makes sure that the system state is required and is selected .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to it raises an exception .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the string wrapped by its contractive .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  to   null

test:  recursively walk a dictionary of objects that should be a list of lists .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  given   null

test:  draw a simple font multi layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  draw   function
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the list of names of all blobs groups .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the sending of the password .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  join a sample table for a node .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  join   edge
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns the icon that displays unhandled workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses enveloped modules from soap .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  formats the output of an image into the database .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the image status .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the function at x and a 1d function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  value   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test image library and c{options} using tight_layout .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  test   images
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of projects that are previously displayed or out .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  list   checks
truth:  filter   filter

test:  simply print a increasing resource .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  index   html
truth:  null   null

test:  change the name of this proxy .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  change   update
truth:  set   set

test:  validate that all indices of the provided axis is supported .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  indices   notification
truth:  check   check

test:  kill a single state .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   create
truth:  sends   a

test:  a simple view for testing purposes .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   file
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking a key in etcd .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  is the extension of tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  is   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the cpu flags are currently info on this system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the targets of the mult sequence .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  weighted   null

test:  provides rbac on linux systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  work   work

test:  checks for a given module is available .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a document and return its json representation .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   value
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  add an element to the key_id xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   infer
truth:  create   a

test:  return a vm by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  catch a rule for absent from the csf .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  handles   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the provider id for a given song .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  do we have a different python object .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  do   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform the exception for the exception but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  to   send
truth:  transforms   a

test:  utility for select_related() .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a best view that is done by calling {% url .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the proxy object .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates and extracts the hash file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   get
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata from a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  annotation the input data for the last element .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  input   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection of the collection with the given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculate the height x ratio centered by tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   split
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy the accuracy of classification loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate the configuration variable and return a valid dictionary .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  url this function will push to a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  gets row from a row .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  for each authentication key .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return the file mode mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   one
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse the content from a response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a inner_factory block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  return the file in which the path points to .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively walk all the restructure form of a given header .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   collection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a windows representation .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  construct   binary
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions works correctly .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a new grid to simulates an 4grid .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  null   a

test:  entry point .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  null   default
truth:  open   playlists

test:  ensure that a pagerduty escalation policy does not exist .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  ensure   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a filename is a valid python file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  docstring for linode .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  function   custom
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  return the 3x3 object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate the set of names and their appropriate targets for the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of a service cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   help
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the number of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to handle get_distros() .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  to   retry
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the best-guess non-adjacent array of : int .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  migrate old search titles to make text fit .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument so that it can be quoted to quoted .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a application from the queue cli example: .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check that the response is loaded against a given response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks to see if a table is a pandas type parameters data : int number of columns in a wrapper around the table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure : attribute set to the cone test cases .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  ensure   attributes
truth:  tests   tests

test:  provisioning user .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   style

test:  for external language code .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the libc library to *value* .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper function for viewop .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  remove   whitespace
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  view to allow stop accept an authentication backend .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  works like next file .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create docker .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock all the metasources method .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mocks   decorator
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find all files under filename based on the filename .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ticketstatus override views .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   touch
truth:  create   a

test:  computes cc correlation matrix for next dimensions at different correction click this is exactly the total dimensions of lags listed in next array .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get the versioned version of a class .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that given angle and original modes are within inside .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads the results of selected times .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  reads   profiling
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a list of all pathname .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  to   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  bound   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  yields paths from a file located .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  return   path
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  unregister   metadata
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users in cache order .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns an in-memory links for a base url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a network string into a list of strings .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple wrapper for the titles: .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid format for being a valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  url should be a string if no numeric character is not none .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format django exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  format   format
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the current binary file location .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  trims an image dkey using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  credit: yann count of data .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to select deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install internet .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the optimizer level nodes .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  context   context

test:  for a class or bool value .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read graph object .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  text   return
truth:  pickled   load

test:  execute the command .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  logging   log
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  log   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  setup multiple whitespace in a string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  string   replaces
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  calculates the standard error of x .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  list all installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new triggerdb type type type db object in the db given trigger_type .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name into a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  for an partitions .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  this name is a blending tool we uses it through a dictionary of attributes and not allow it to the dependency on the change domain objects .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  takes   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  is official concrete web server .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  is   app
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is done by the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  performs   a

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform to mock context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the log index is the same for product and assign a set of index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  use the current command to execute the local timezone cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  use   null
truth:  show   show

test:  for tests that require a device .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  input   check
truth:  if   check

test:  update the cache .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  update   get
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the angle into a return a value that matches the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash of the current service .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   get
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a tuple of action actions .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   rabbitmq
truth:  creates   classes

test:  expand for python method decorator .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes polynomial nonnegative algorithm in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  leading   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  main consume json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all sort group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an existing section .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  save an entry .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  download   find
truth:  find   find

test:  make a de with a given name .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   function
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  determine whether a given type is suitable for arbitrary a constraint type .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dictionary that can be used as a log of the given module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a app is random .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  executes   information
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array of x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the function is true .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a given mode file using a .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the text representation of the stream for use in a wsgi environment .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  build   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run each item in a list .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a certificate .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get the windows process in windows calls .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a context mapping discussion_ids to respective xblock associated with discussion_id if it is cached and visible to the discussion milestone .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a release of deregisters .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  send an object with reference to a dict of dicts .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: hierarchy a child of objects .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  create   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  adds maxshield to a eeg fname .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  evaluate   epochs
truth:  function   function

test:  register a function representing target at the given target the target given the full pprint of target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all system include include include one .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   histogram
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns settings for use in a django currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  settings   return
truth:  use   use

test:  start the specified service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  stops   return
truth:  return   return

test:  function for setting matplotlib .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  function   error
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for the rest_sample .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the network for the input .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  determine inheritance for the object args: path: the path to the object copy: the object copy: true will return true will return true will take for debugging .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  objects   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a new list of flag names and calls it .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as running .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate a new docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  needs   test
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  finds all source files in source .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  updates   verifies
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for tests if .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  call   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start the cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change text to the users password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  form   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple index definitions documents from a string .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot pipeline function creates a custom state after the implementing database .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy data from app to detect pretty files .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the cache directory .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  when a monomial .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   a
truth:  multiply   a

test:  async upload url for a blob .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  download   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  makes directories like directory .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to parse the modified timestamp on the wrapped function .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return base descriptor to serialize descriptor data .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  return   method
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a task object .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   get
truth:  update   update

test:  a function for line: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  see   null

test:  return the negative value of the given array x .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if *n* is selfridge or false .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the desktop app is running .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  format a load-balancer .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate surface surface field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require an auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the possible root root command .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  sanitize file names into normalized and return list of user names .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  config   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parses a simple command line numbers .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  return the db and time added .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  return   time
truth:  update   update

test:  pretty-print the given view .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a list of tuples to the xmodule function type .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  map   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that you can add a duplicate store after the on-disk file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  store   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  allows   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to the output port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix lines from code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters using an invalid regex .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  get a file and choose for a single condition .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  detects if the file descriptor is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if the segment ref segment inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  return   step
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  path should be called before this function .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate ssh command line uploads .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  go   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the 180 app of the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   alternate
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dict with keys and all namespace in the given pattern .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the user is blocked .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a device names into a dict of existing text names .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a pickle contents of filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  load   data

test:  do not wrap members starting with the prevent context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  do   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the lemmas[lemma] for each gdnt + a1(x)y(x) .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decode enabled value .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  unicode   python
truth:  to   null

test:  replace all registered case of the given name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  null   locale

test:  convert a list of the items in a list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the passed filter .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  parses   open
truth:  if   check

test:  determine if two strings are 0 .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  if   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  powers   a
truth:  null   one

test:  define a file .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  define   python
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the given code is valid .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a helper .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all the current command line arguments .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get input argument specification for input .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  input   replace
truth:  check   check

test:  attach response attributes to summary .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  config   quote
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return copy of a file or a context .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  context   try
truth:  given   a

test:  time sound of the indexes stocenv: envelope area .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  download and reads a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a worker tree for a model .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes files needed for '{{cookiecutter if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  test if the given plugin is registered .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  return all trailing nodes from loops and recursively .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write this image to a file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph is cliques .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary descendents of distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   binary

test:  convert data into translate the constant specified by the constant gate .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  require   null
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read summary of a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   check
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for raising a crypto exception .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a cells string to a long absolute cell reference string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  take   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the path .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   check
truth:  resets   null

test:  computes the local dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a predicate .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  builds   application
truth:  test   test

test:  find a continuous field in the database .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns the value for a libvirtconfigguestinterface entry .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the latest number of bits for a phone number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add form .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  sends   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a array of strings to float objects .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  build   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of staff field names to use for staff .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  return the result of idle from a idle .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  return   return

test:  set the nearest floating point of a positive floating point .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  put   matrix
truth:  apply   a

test:  produces list of certs in router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  list   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  calculate the inverse of the inverse modulo 1 .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if a new interactive python interactive .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse user to do a certificate to do so original and completes all .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  command   configuration
truth:  figure   figure

test:  transform an image to a floating point .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  transform   color
truth:  color   color

test:  utility method to do the ids of elegant flags .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   service

test:  take a setting that is the given model label and edit it to the appropriate model label .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a number of distance distance texts to the current utc .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  given   compare
truth:  build   build

test:  test either a sizer when geometry is true .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  sends a http request and stores it to the actual homepage .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  sends   open
truth:  null   api

test:  parses a list of valid tokens and add it to the character .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function for computing the stable order of a tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return the list of tuples .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  return   function
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a human-readable string for the given tricomplex .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  get   get

test:  make two rows and main documents .
truth: two branches . 
test:  run   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file to a configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return method name .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   method

test:  return a mean of an array parameters x : ndarray .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the number of .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a new year of multiple collections to happen .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  generate   x
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python manifest object from the package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  download   load
truth:  update   update

test:  render an entire value from template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  version of :func:os .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   test

test:  when we map data structure from dynamic urls .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  outset   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a renew is designed to check if a window is found .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test num_examples of a training dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the line graph with the given node .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the new function that does nothing .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth primorial of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unicode unicode objects to the renderengine bytes .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  drawing   drawing
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return contents of filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  read   read

test:  recursively replace documentfor from document with a passed python dictionary .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  construct   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function for the return a generator that extracts a new collection .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  mocked for interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  send   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert the int int from human quad string representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  whether it is and true otherwise .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks to see whether a mri params are "truthy" on a string .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  to   solve
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  make sure the given header is sent to the given parent directory and rounds is sent .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  -   create
truth:  null   mine

test:  returns the ground off of a given distance in y .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch connection .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute the numpy covariance matrices of a set of matrices .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  return a list of virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  return   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a sphinx extension .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a torrent for the given path .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  transfer   import
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  return a canonical string lists .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask user for a yes/no question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   question
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free factorization of a polynomial in [a_1 .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the ordering of empty strings .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  score   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  context manager for an http request .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  decorate   calls
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of status names to link-local address cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the last opened pem and the pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets an calculated metrics by name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   configuration
truth:  change   change

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   +

test:  fail fail which has at least one outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the content in the response .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  coerce the url to a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  access   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convenience function to write the log file to the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  dump   writing
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  report an error message .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  report   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a human-readable string in iso 8601 notation to seconds .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we can run tests .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  subtract labeled polynomial of leading and applies the authenticating lcm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   representation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the codons string according to url .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  latex   characters
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  compute   images
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   api

test:  list root elements of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  list   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   statistics

test:  this function is only used every default formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  like   format
truth:  build   a

test:  insert the 2d pipeline into a list of where the index points are enabled via the coalescing -l .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   inject
truth:  if   null

test:  find a tag from node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  prints indentation ids .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  indentation   source
truth:  separate   line

test:  helper method to log to the given url and redirects with the given response code .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  sends   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  attempt to serialize a class and return the both methods evenly .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current content view for which the given view are sent to .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  dont have a importer .
truth: just return . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket of the current user .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check if an recaptcha field is valid .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  submits   a

test:  take input from the list of 1 .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert a python source listings into an existing document with datetimes from files .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that ignores no backprop exceptions .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   set
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the demo thermostat platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  converts first_name to no conversion between 0 and :mod:ssl .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return input input and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  input   null
truth:  read   a

test:  a variable with a feature .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  running   background

test:  returns a list of server groups to a particular instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  builds   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if n is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function tries to iterate over the image .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  function   try
truth:  take   null

test:  function to dynamically load a message rather than names .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course to a particular course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the same outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  return   link
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the string prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  automatically bootstrap script .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a strokeradius client for the given docker client .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse out the name .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the email address of the user has invalid values .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  this function converts a certificate to a specific certificate extensions .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  function   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a graph g .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method for ascii85 .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  function   method
truth:  to   method

test:  authenticate using python 2 .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  using   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convenience function reduces -> trials simulate .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  yields all python files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password to use .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   way

test:  return the score of submissions with submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  compute   count
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running in lettuce will run only on configured commands .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping dicts .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip test if condition is false .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  helper function to remove empty index from templates .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  do so that diskcache can be removed correctly .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  if   a
truth:  querying   test

test:  helper function to write a file with the given name .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver function to register all the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get all valid tuples from a tensor with diagonal elements and lhs if set to true .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find common paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts an existing virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point is within the loops which is older than the product of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  normalize the given timestamp to a class name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  normalize   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a new instance of a docker instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict with all methods to be used in the database .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   user
truth:  list   muting

test:  return true if the named service is enabled cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list of functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  an simple recursion simple variational values .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  null   a
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper frame page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes in order of graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  list currently installed gems of a dict:: cluster cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone one directory .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  download a new file in the execution .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  download   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculates the softmax sum of the given list of values .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the data is a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  internal function to determine if stuck is a git list .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  check whether the code from a fits facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  construct the list of files for wordlist .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  gets   print
truth:  check   spelling

test:  return the variable dimension of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  add   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  staff enrollment of a course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  view   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  try to bind an ipv6 address on ipv6 .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  if the points .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  if   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised by deleting a wrong index .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   fraction
truth:  if   test

test:  returns the content record from src to include the right account as there is a relative content if there is not allowed .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  move   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the given class node is an name .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  adds a client using various credentials to the given user .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  token   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the dominating set of size .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   minimum

test:  return first text of the given text string .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  return   return

test:  compute 2 or vertically of a binary image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  concatenate   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks that given certificate fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the string with a 1 .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if and only if the user is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  create   predicate
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a special version string from the writes requirements file .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  builds   string
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a helper function that reads a confirmation query separated by either argument and returns notation of either notation or session names .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   tomcat
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the n-th coefficient for each backreturn .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform a source .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper function to create an email .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  check existence of sequences to set scores according to set scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  check   open
truth:  tests   tests

test:  detect detect the accept point in the accept header header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save the current value of a collection to the correct value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  save   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  calculate cell content into a list of items in a series of items .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a line3dcollection line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the feature serialization .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test if a single tree can contain a valid next tree or not .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython complex double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  dissassociates a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  fires   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get requested environment variable name from the environment dict .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   permissions
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the names of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   rabbitmq
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the status dict error .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to temporarily use changed requirements to find the next requirements requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  calculate new l10n for getting analytics from download and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test to make sure the question is loaded .
truth: test question . 
test:  make   null
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response body for the sale .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  control the migration for the settings .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  control   configurations
truth:  executes   null

test:  check quickly for pkg that should be included .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs -34 setting correctly handles a variety of values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load label of a dataset .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  do not display a private key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  do   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  use of every table names in a list of 1st .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  make   null

test:  build job home directory .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  build   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator for views that require an entity task to be a bootstrap task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  select   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  100000 -> integer generate a date suitable for imports .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a mock message only .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a single ip or referer query parameter is saved .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   ip
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes the local edge connectivity and maximum of nodes in g .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize an api window .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find a new theano clades at a given term .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  open   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  prints a b0 with python layout .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  build   run
truth:  print   print

test:  append doesnt support for warning: views to the user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  append   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  module module module module module module module module module module
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  module   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all nested errors from number of individual tuples .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean boolean boolean has a @no_type_check that has not defined .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  run other output .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of features configured .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  get   guess
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a single vector of the given array of empty .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  like   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a running system at_time the system will be reboot before the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  mute newmans context via http requests .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname to build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an active draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the node is an old generator .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   minimum
truth:  add   collar

test:  a simple sort of indices of n columns .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   split
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential correlation model theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  send non-maskable interrupt to vm or capture vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  send   a
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a list of tuples representing the system pathspec .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  square   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a imp union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  method for executing review review request id and return a boolean message .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute a list of files from a string and populates identifier using identifier .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find matches the value given an array .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  click   bson
truth:  get   get

test:  escape single byte strings .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  adds messages from the context to the context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  form   context
truth:  context   context

test:  like folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  like   function
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in args and contains double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  copy a function or method call to a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  patch a new handler .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   craft
truth:  run   a

test:  test that the account handler can be used .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get event from a list of event filters .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  require   test
truth:  be   null

test:  convert a certificate to a certificate listed in apps .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  convert   attempts
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  reset a date and 1900 from the xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net : specifier_qualifier_list colon colon .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  the sample space is a a/d of points .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a config from keys .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  lift   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  compute the deviation of the mean of a term at - cdf .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  model   model

test:  test for fasta file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   substitution
truth:  test   test

test:  this full full version of the latest possible version .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   system
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert :term:transient set of base units to 1 format .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether the system is old-style .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  short   get

test:  compute the transfer filter for the given axis of the dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of existing fields needed for all existing existing existing model names .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  example of in-sample moves based on multivariate scotts .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  score   connect
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a courses certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  given   null
truth:  list   list

test:  unicode obj for objects with the same code as a unicode object .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the next word of a nested list of tokens .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  start   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  return a dictionary keyed by name .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the blob key from the network device .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates the probability density function of x and the exponential image points .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   elementwise
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   update
truth:  given   a

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ret['comment'] a cluster cli example: .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  join   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  a decorator that asserts whether an object is a text .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a delimiter macro .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   csv

test:  returns an ipv4 address of the sha1 hash specified .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for any conflicting mask[ into a bad collection .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   call
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test pip_ with signals .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a python object .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a helper to move a file to an array of channels .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  use   a
truth:  make   a

test:  register a new rule rule for a given channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a sympy .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  highlight   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient from the rest css at the bottom .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  creates   gradient
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  to   function
truth:  if   current

test:  the options that runs when runs before processing expires .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  get the info for the current user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string representation of the first period of the given url .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  assert that simple bar can be cast as properly .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  assert   format
truth:  null   bar

test:  a wrapper around unicode .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  produces the list of indices .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  produces   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  hash binary hash of string m according to specified hash .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   string
truth:  using   encoder

test:  convenience function to create a config exception .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has check rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights or the string "all" or the list of true
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a dictionary of the locales used by the locale for the specified locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified position .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  check that autoincrementing convolution of matrices is necessary .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   bottom

test:  flv a sequence of invalid whitespace .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  serialize   scheme
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of all metadata- credentials over the given request .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the name of the user .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  to   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android videos .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   space
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively traverse the given deque of each deque .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  select a template for the given template .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  select   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing apt key exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  returns an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  return a random album for all album in objs .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  return   print
truth:  select   null

test:  extract mnist urls using mnist urls .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  load   load

test:  return a fiedler graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  list vote in a single vote field for a volume .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  changes   value
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an runs python dev in the context of a python dev application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   windows
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  python data using admin .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   data

test:  return the path to the file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the circular likelihood estimator for a list of distances .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check to see if version isnt installed and :class:version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle function of attributes of the order individual also work in the order individual function like the ordering of the order n the function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  model   gaussian
truth:  mutate   null

test:  command line options .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   metadata
truth:  null   script

test:  marks if a string is quoted .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  decide   check
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the table was large .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  time   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  return which alignment difference between source and log a(k) .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  generate an label on the given course mode .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests whether a string is a valid subset of characters .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  retrieve and register an contents of a directory to the destination directory .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  extracts all existing transaction from instance .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  report   writing
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the relative number of independent samples .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  notify python object plotting .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return the root stable stable stable group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes the resultant algorithm in k[x] and y in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  computes   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression / expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to convert to playlist playlist for lists .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  from url .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  null   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  enqueue message and kwargs to enqueue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in sequence are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  create a password hash with the provided password and password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  require the python insert_editor_css .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build an option with an option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  build   convenience
truth:  log   log

test:  key with characters that then a[shift the characters given the characters of key .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add image info for cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   host
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the inet object for the current container .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  this script creates an object .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  drop   encodes
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy a function to addendum .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  calling   returns
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return a list of files which match the next qpointf .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  insert   identity

test:  reads all the current directory recursively .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  list   utility
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an authentication class .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get main entry from the global main main main entry .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  ensure   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the first search function b .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  parse a device configuration .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  parse   reader
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert a float to int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   attempts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  creates a set of data from a db schema file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  creates   commit
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test for issue creating/updating .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header that map characters in the given charset to/from unicode .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   hack
truth:  add   character

test:  open the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  function   null
truth:  called   null

test:  a decorator for rruleset a class with a type .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  return the list of all registered permission to determine which the project has been currently effective project names .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __namespace__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an object to a user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment variable from tox .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the syntax to the queue with a request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  replaces   sentiment
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of all networks associated with a given tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute querying scale scale bit amf .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  verify   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns get current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  gets   current
truth:  return   current

test:  test for writing cannot be thrown when the page was generated .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  run   master
truth:  tests   tests

test:  build a catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  build   generic
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic zdelta function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  helper method to create the current session .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  null   page
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration file family symlinks use the valid configuration files .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  is a source code that is run in the server .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  the inverse of my_port outputs also stores warnings .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  default   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return matching list of anything .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates job form for an pushes .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the default vlc .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the line is redundant inside the first word of the there line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   return
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  initialize   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  changes art for each art .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  return the standard normal cumulative distribution function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task which will send a router to the router with a particular router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  null   up
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply floor to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively sort a dict where the key = values will be lists .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the lun device name .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the session to use for the current request .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor factor using f .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot other hosts in the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  autenticate the user from the account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  call func_to_retry function took .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a += b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  change   change

test:  context and check that the container is fully .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  displays view of incremental profile .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  shows   admin
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an ip address for the ipython loop .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the mean of inputs from batch .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether a given list of available return a boolean .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  checks   encode
truth:  return   return

test:  query the contents of a router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  query   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  string   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  the default main entry point .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  get sum and client_secret an array of error .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  get   linear
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  run pyenv state to update pyenv command .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the chunks of a header chunks .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a date formatted according to the given pattern .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  vertical laplace on an array of all laplace mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check for tensors that discussion extensions the $geometry token .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   manager
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  sends a request to one of the remote request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  uses   updates
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a list of the required loaders web page for the given request .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add an currently-executing device to the system .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  attribute   up
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a new byte string for 32bit arch .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a human readable log to bash cmd .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   dt

test:  encode the gravatar url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with gaussian distribution .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   information

test:  if called via an event page .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  initialize   selection
truth:  if   null

test:  turns an hexadecimal formatted hex strings into ascii .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   url
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  get all tasks .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  sync   new
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  build list of errors in given header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  map   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  because we can determine generators from main stmt .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate documentation and static @cp function in function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   update
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent test methods .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up streams from the stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the version of bytes .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public *host* url for the given app instance .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the system is absent on the system .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   open
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert whitespace to tab .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  whitespace   =
truth:  return   a

test:  if this is registered .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  fake   waits
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates an indexed property property for a subclass property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the given formset and store it to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  render   a

test:  a simple http status code .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  detect configuration with the given options .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  builds multiple members that appear in two samples .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  retrieve   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  if env is not passed to 1 .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns list of widgets of widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   add
truth:  add   a

test:  parse a parsed text .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show uptime about the given '<hypervisor>' .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   disk
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  this method is called when a specific action cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  calls the configuration of the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set a function used to render a single channel offset .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  put all argument names and iter_b .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse metadata from ascii fsm http header .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts hsv tuple on hsv scale to rgb on return scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  validate an object within an attribute within .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  debug a list of information on a list of resource paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the depth of the depth x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  compute   i
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  run the network configuration from the host or list of esxcli .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  set   set

test:  parses the pdb file in list of values .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  was   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an input value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yield a list of paths from the file in the given format .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which may be used .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the services to start on boot cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get logger with logging .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a vector for the given file .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator: that tis tightly coupled to a locations .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for :class:tvdbclient jid functions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  function   cache
truth:  store   store

test:  write a skype skype entry .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  write   get
truth:  sending   sending

test:  recursively copy all files we would have a given glob directories .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the caches of any of the task and triggers a specific task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   shortcut
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   users
truth:  get   a

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  handle   algorithm
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read a data structure from a zmq dataframe into the frame of data .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  read   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  given a list of primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dataa yann *k* .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  this function ensures that the alarm with the valid entity table exists .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  updates   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register a nonstandard opts .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  register   register

test:  test for imported install tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   run
truth:  test   script

test:  this function returns the exception class .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if the object has an xblock xblock associated with a given pyfunction .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  objects   replacement
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find a call to check if a finder has .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the next language(s) handler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  helper to get a front for a given email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  to   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the info page description .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  make   disk
truth:  test   test

test:  run the process processing .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  run   url
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns a mapping of all horizontal values stored in the section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function : const_value | name .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   format
truth:  function   function

test:  build a list of flow ids .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a list of subgraph components in order of graph components .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove a process of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for all versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   sort
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to validate a certain rsa jwt to hold the internal backends .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  function   error
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to convert signal to signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port from the zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  runs restore environment variable for the current python interpreter .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  check that the '2010 method is used with a valid python magic .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save a registry object into cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  takes the block of hsp for the given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  duplicates   add
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union : union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get here from jinja2 .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  print   a

test:  interpolate to rgb a numpy rgb function .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals from all logging xml classes .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if file name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  public interface to the database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   background

test:  convert html documents to ftp processor  .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  convert   columns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack paths .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   add
truth:  setup   python

test:  print the given stream .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   shortcut
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for annulus annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  divide the returned link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers in a task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the restful handler for self-serve results .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   attempt
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls on all packages cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  the provided service is enabled .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new constraints constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to support increasing bits .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  used   try
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  post-processing speedy .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the actual file object from a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear the entire tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   nltks
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of two strings .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   find
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service on a vm .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  starts   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to catch zip folder properties .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  return path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the defaults is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience function to generate the triple .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  function   string
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether a new vm is requested .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calls setter help module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  calls   description
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the db for caching .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a generator that helps an gross set .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  access   access

test:  get current key setting from the setting member .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return a list of valid mergedfor in the dict .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  evaluates   custom
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return a unicode representation of s .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate a fixed ip by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  helper to get a dict from a given payload .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  to   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pattern to execute a wrapper around data .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value of this tokens .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  helper function to update scene exceptions on the master .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  function   updates
truth:  given   a

test:  either for location .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate one element in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring algorithm .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   normalize
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dict of used used to get the list of mappings .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a page that presents a nice output with lots of debug information for the given output .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  dump   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces all or outgoing characters from the z-wave .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  to   try

test:  explicitly create identical arguments according to urllib .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  use   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a time rgb list to the inner function .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   insertion
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest after combining .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string and return the number of characters .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new degrees with an eigenvector .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  resize   images

test:  parses timestamps with unix timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks if the given code is a mock exception .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  exception   exception

test:  if *exactly* can find a specific providers in the case .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a app is configured to see if it is a valid app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   value
truth:  divide   null

test:  function returning an event on a constructed event bus .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   view
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  pack all binary keys based on the flask packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  pack   summary
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends a call to the specified url .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns the views that is running .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   crud

test:  return true if line of fh .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that adds a field of a particular pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  returns an initialized benchmark score for the specified episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  list   return
truth:  to   method

test:  decorator to equivalent version of version of doctypes .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  to   version
truth:  if   null

test:  get the index of the expression for the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return config options from this list of option instances .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  config   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  return changing .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  return   alias
truth:  runs   runs

test:  finds generator to the context for use in a method .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  return   a

test:  walk up the files under prefix which all .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  predicate   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check whether the connection getfacl getfacl to an connection .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function as a lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new variable whose gradient a constant returns a work of the nearest notation .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  save the file to a zip directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  moves   tags
truth:  archive   archive

test:  represent a path as a gray-level for the test server .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  represent   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a length of the given unit by the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a test case from the given test cases .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  list   test
truth:  given   null

test:  turn an object id .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  input   type
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal graph .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * mysql * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  starts a wsgi app to descriptor_ .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  return   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  converts a utc .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   datetime

test:  test for easy likely to be loaded .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  order   docker
truth:  runs   runs

test:  insert a edge difference between points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  order   order

test:  sympy test function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  select   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert some data to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  verifies   in
truth:  store   store

test:  train a list of paths using a given model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   a
truth:  train   a

test:  lists the .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate single filepath to disk .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  split   equivalent
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion uid id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  null   grain

test:  checks to see if paths have passed into an array .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a temporary make_image_file list .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   manager
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a sqlalchemy key from the table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets tickets page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  index   tickets
truth:  null   null

test:  run test on axis .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  the controller for a bytearray function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  split unmatched unmatched .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  named   find

test:  compare a message .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  check   check

test:  handler for interpolate_tuple application and stores the user objects .
truth: update request . 
test:  handles   home
truth:  request   request

test:  public routine to weblate weblate .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   error
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of fullname out .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse and normalize strings .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new permutation array with following divisions such that then assign the current function to strings .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  permutes   null

test:  return a cookiejar with an appropriate cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the collection data into a relative tag .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  this is a pair of the compressed framework .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  is   a
truth:  get   a

test:  n00bs from new system status .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  raise skiptest if the config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   set
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts bad characters into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  report if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  are we being asked to look up the object .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the provided snapshot should be created .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   get
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the file path for the current deployment .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   return
truth:  float   float

test:  return a string of the data passed to the function .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered database .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  test that escape correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes a certain security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  simple ckeditor matrix .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some extra integer for the project .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  plot out the distribution for the current axes or axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  equivalent of a path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a template rendering with the given path and .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  write   function
truth:  renders   null

test:  we backwards x by decreffing the largest of characters .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pass for full files to look up all available files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the contents of the cache for a list of tip .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the preferred web encoding name .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   list
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  defines which defines tools for nats .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  downloads   get
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the inline css data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  requests over columns .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test mainly table with data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network algorithm of all z[x] algorithm .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a string for xml character .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  append   a

test:  find the position of a less than x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  find   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all review requests requests for the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  send   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a string or template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove duplicate elements in duplicate array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  duplicate   functions
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for each item in the list .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  choose stats from facts using the states dict .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  prepares   current
truth:  apply   provider

test:  rewrite the given audio buffer bits for audio types .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move interface to another port .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   converts
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --outdated --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  a helper method to get a specific language type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of locales according to the configuration .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensures the new instance of the api endpoint .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  ensures   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns hyperbolic old function .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  returns   swap
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new dictionary that is a key from the keys of d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   check
truth:  create   a

test:  upload a dictionary to track the track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the float from the xmlobject .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  dump   print
truth:  get   get

test:  gets and sets the entity indexes .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  set   new
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a reference placeholder for a single reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  regression test for d tokenization rotation .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a unique xml xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   function
truth:  define   a

test:  return dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string of 2 or sockaddr_in6 .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check for registered_from .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   version

test:  generate the hash of a hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns a string of the django limitinf directories on the specified dir .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  back-end method to return their names of an instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the linear distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a text of the appropriate terminal .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  return   text
truth:  null   a

test:  return to restrict to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  to   a
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to a recipient .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns the tarfilefrom archive from a files .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  parses   run
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if necessary is a symlink with the checking argument passed in .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string of valid tags .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  list json .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register supported engine for options .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  dummy function for test html .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   projects
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a backend to send to list() server .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  server   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  convert a actually certificate endpoints to a move .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the warnings module .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  trace a layer .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  profile   get
truth:  build   a

test:  process a remote connections to the given port and count it .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  process   find
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block -> none to coincidence until *fileno* is ready to be recent .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   waits
truth:  block   block

test:  get distance loop sampled rotation matrix .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  pressing   problem
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  uses precomputed reply to find the nodes in our nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  add paths to the current stats in an existing set .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  read   stats
truth:  return   a

test:  serve the best page at the given request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in host cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   put
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decodes and decode an encoded value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  build   build

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the number is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   sequence

test:  yields all the directory of all the files found in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  swagger-compliant stripascii .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  prints out a list containing duplicate entry in list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the formatted date and the formatted zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the average given a base base base base base url .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary directory .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper method to get a list of user ids and not have due to the xblock and returns a cleaned user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  key entry from a string .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  match   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with the specified function .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add a file to the pil image .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the version of the page to get a new .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  gets the musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  list all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   format
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove file info from the '%sremoved' .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the raw value of the current thread .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  set   parsing
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  checks for a specific python check to the python python check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  check   null
truth:  find   a

test:  copy files from one sample data to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copies   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  murray for saturated .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   init
truth:  update   update

test:  get the name of the apt cache .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  helper method that checks if requesting a user can view courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   method
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes media document and yields one of its fields .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload previous doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  forces disconnect view .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  using   null
truth:  given   null

test:  a 10-dimensional unit function is compatible with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  show any urls that have been written in a series .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  show   iterator
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: tags only true if access_objs objects like a <= load .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   range
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading raw warning .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the ca ca time of the libs .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the python object .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  this script takes one or more likely to a command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   up
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a float of bytes encoded to int .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear the current cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a current date and returns the standard format .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  computes indices of elements between x and subset routine .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   version
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a dict of optional indices and returns a boolean version string .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check if the given agent is changed .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  if   check
truth:  removes   a

test:  check c c with a valid color c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for users .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  '//page[not nodes must have a valid ancestor .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  null   page

test:  get the list of all etry .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parse a query string into a human readable format .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the current host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating a node .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper for the qute://pdfjs setting of the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the full merging .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  return   details
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the current date in a string for the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle no args / load .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   file
truth:  load   tm

test:  compute the bem solution for binary .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  compute   up
truth:  create   a

test:  return the lxc-attach byte array of a single image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper function for attributes and fetch all attributes of regular expressions .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  gets the full uuid to the current process .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare the encoder .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  count   compare
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model tfreq .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  for the complex indexed key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  count   a
truth:  to   try

test:  list users credentials according to the given user cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  list   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function of the forward sigmoid is the output of x .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  return true if an undirected spanning forest of a tree or forest .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deprecated in the message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a node with the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new vm authentication packages .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake suspicious .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a l1 and initialize an explicit server description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  recursively determine if the state of wire_encode and return a datetime object that was previously registered .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the configured token .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  set the largest vector of the current image .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  construct   swap
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the default value of the current requests to use for test_pickle .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convenience wrapper to execute an object and passes its error .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  wraps   optional
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no-op validation function .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc date in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  list all files in a directory in the file f .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a comment tree to stderr .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   tree

test:  safely clear all subdirectories in cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  tab tab work in after we or instance .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with darwin darwin .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  test the application .
truth: test program . 
test:  features   app
truth:  test   program

test:  run a libcloud function to rebuild entry .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a signal handler for either a remote server or non firewalls after the signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  call   null
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a string referring to the config file .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is called when we find the url of a good set .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  function   null
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with the given layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  test if this is a occurs .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the version of version >= version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a last-modified .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert some unicode lines to bytes .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test test validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   service
truth:  test   x10

test:  converts the name of the current accepted .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  creates   python
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  find executable in a environments .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  find   return
truth:  derive   ini

test:  decorator for api functions which can be used to make a function calls .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  copies the uncaught function by offset .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random column of the supplied shape .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  given a tuple of 'datehandlerfunctionmustreturn .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  helper function to convert data to python 2 .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test decorator for no conversion of no data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  null   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  disables the given entry with the given value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  error   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if task references yields changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  invert a graph from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove all modules from the session and end of the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  decide if the file at first piece of first and add new data .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  utility function for normalizes .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in nova .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  require a google cloud storage url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   copies
truth:  require   null

test:  activates out the languages list for the system .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  null   check
truth:  set   environ

test:  delete or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the base64 encoded hmac+sha512 of the given username and username .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a dictionary of ip information for linode storage .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  ip   new
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the exception of the headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a generator that will be used to generate configured tools for the duration of a configuration .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the payload corresponding to the foreign namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a full router on the search line .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  test whether a given client starts with master report .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of salt_chars machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  return   implements
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate exponential loss function to give exponential pairs at the give exponential except for a vector .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  access   fraction
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns a string representing the version of salt cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  report   report

test:  create a list of strings .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   create

test:  converts an array of error to standard array .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  turns   returns
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix a new additional information about a named vm .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  start   a
truth:  create   new

test:  test whether the given blocks are identical .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  loads config file and return json object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  read   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  find document[key]document[key values .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  find   converts
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true if x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  boolean   polynomial
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find total state reachable reachable reachable from a loop .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  find   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  convert a subjects version of a piece of file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  convert   configure
truth:  set   set

test:  data type check for pandas or and add an columns to the series of spaces parameters x : string or try markers .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  "plane all registered trailing whitespace from the given text .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should behave the git path .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return an array of bytes .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   windows

test:  implementation to parse ownership component matrixsvg on cron resource .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  get the most appropriate tuple type type values .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  gets   null

test:  create an html reply .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  create   gist
truth:  send   send

test:  check that the error is enabled .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  errors   input
truth:  throw   null

test:  context manager to change variables using *k* env .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode selected image encoded string .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject all python types into a scope .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  helper method used to determine the version of a given version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  generate the date as a single build file .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  helper function to save an lpar object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  exclude the dad dos addresses into sniff nodes .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  link   replaces
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load config parsed from a configuration .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  config   get
truth:  read   user

test:  returns the singleton directory for the given tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  tries   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  generate unique id of a python object .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets the requested policy for the user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this method is active by getting a comment and records for the current new submission file .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  require   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  construct a dictionary of credentials and return the file .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends of the given user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   null

test:  banned all hex string formatter .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  unpacks   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute against the expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  test if there is no mapping methods of the given mapping file .
truth: gets header . 
test:  if   null
truth:  header   header

test:  name of a model view formated .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns a dictionary of mua purchase which is the to_dict value: the dictionary to be converted to identify the tracing; .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a explaining methods around a chain .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  find the nth version of the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively determine the various values of a primitive object .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  string   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  generate a python string for imp .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   reference
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validate that a header value of a key .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  returns an ordered document from a given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  cancel   null

test:  get an attribute class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   plotting
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment specs for a given attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the input value to a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are not the main plugin .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the token used to the request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  unpack -> int return a socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  send   attempt
truth:  receive   a

test:  convert a binary mapping file names to a tuple of numbers .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   module
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the content from the content window .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  modify   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parse out the following entry from dnsmasq .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get the hemisphere for an image .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  run   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete exploration summary .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  establish device devices to a __doc__ .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades on opkg selfupdate cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  custom web handlers from paths .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   web
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a command on a remote host to stderr .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents tag for all documents .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  constructs   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  return the count or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  infer   number
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial division in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  evaluate   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  split s .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  s   mark
truth:  return   return

test:  test serie as various [83 .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an asset asset asset .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if the python package is preserved .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  if   python
truth:  test   python

test:  extract the tests file .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  unpack   manager
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that the only one key is not available .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  turns the variables containing a debugging .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns true if the given value is an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  value   value

test:  get the path to the user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  add   a

test:  return the upgrade fields for upgrade .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  return   params
truth:  used   null

test:  return image indexes for binary image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  a validator that returns a string representation of a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  get the timestamp of the seconds on the timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generate the value of a sorted list of tuples .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  does   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image by major based on the image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieves the named service for a given package .
truth: internal function . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  function   function

test:  transform from iri to iri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test a associate label eeg option .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  show   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of opennebula scores into a dict with name and comments for the given comment scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a command dict of environment vars .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   script
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  convenience function for setting to json .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  installs   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return the lowpass ratio" .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  take a python token and turns it into a rest of the form .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  take   string
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter a line of line with line numbers .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  read   in

test:  given a comment .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a view that turns an object into a short string .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   classes
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if data is ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for tensors that isnt passed to a seq using sympy yet did and used with the incrementally graph to a sphere of either attribute or warnings .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a formatted uris from the table definitions .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a set of checksum it is checksum compatible url checksum of ip addresses that use checksum to find out .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a valid computer object info that should be used for psychopy .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dot product between two arrays .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  stops a container name container name or id change data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs samplemat .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  null   metric

test:  run the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  remove an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns whether filename seems to be read in double quotes .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  given   a

test:  return a suitable url for a github file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convenience function .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  is   representation
truth:  based   demo

test:  handler for parse_folder() .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  block   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove data from all features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  this filers has at least min_version .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  choose   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the instance directory .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the details of the rest api .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply two elements .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiply   returns
truth:  null   product

test:  since friends is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  split a string into python with leading and vice .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  creates an event on provisioning .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a keras generator that splits like those .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  create an ['log' image from half .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function and a dictionary of arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: c .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return a dict mapping {type: ports for trunk details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  function   manager
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  decorator for setting up field_type classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid parent patterns for being a valid parent style .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distance travelled along a polygonal curve in *n* dimensions .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a simple primitive key .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new collection of all configured version information about the specified api version .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  set   up

test:  download tv file from ports .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  name   a
truth:  change   change

test:  helper to check if the gradient of a block object has a positive integer .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patches decorator to be called parsing to be called via selections wildcard calls url .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to declare which methods are installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  permanently delete a persistent socket .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  only to limit exception up to limit records from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  a worker process to determine if a valid pci_id prompt .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  construct a path from a file path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  construct   fs
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper function to filter item as specified .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  calculates   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends field_type identifier = const_value | service .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  minpoly(add   exception
truth:  null   service

test:  write a zip file and delete a list into number .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  downloading   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the contents of a %} of the specified tuples of the specified closed object .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   data
truth:  send   send

test:  return the profile object for a given user and user .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handler of images .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert unicode to utf-8 encoded text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  provides current sequence for invalid barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  click   sequence
truth:  split   sequence

test:  this runs a query on user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if path given a file .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  copy token with given token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   no
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect a csv file - called when the auth auth file is complete .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  simulates   programme
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files from empty .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller @todo: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns an example resource object .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  given   string
truth:  format   format

test:  concatenate the changes between the specified objects and return the ones .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the name of the module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  get   null
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the given numba type to an internal type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorator for debugging information .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts any nginx options from the console .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  report   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  gets the candidate nested version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  try   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap the given stream with the given string .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the current timezone status .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  display   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most most of the qwebpage should be used .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return subgraph of degree sequence .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  build   a
truth:  find   a

test:  palette palette to be the first element of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  counts   items
truth:  returns   returns

test:  searches a string containing tokens for specified doc .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a collection from a specified location .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a string representation of a valid ipv6-address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get an object label for the given name and return the python data .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  format   fake
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a python routine from an additional generator .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  source   source

test:  x and vectors linear rows .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  interleave   compute
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve index file list .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the name of a valid albuminfo time .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function returns true for the ca loss .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   gradient

test:  return required errors for a provider .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  command   tool
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  evaluate a llvm integral of the given argument and b .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to base64 return url-safe text from json string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  utf-8   string
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  add a color to the primary key if it is an exception or is a float .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  shut   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  helper for symbolic url for symbolic url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   source
truth:  extracts   null

test:  delete a previously added transform from multiple times to produce an x509 transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if the path was modified .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if g is a isolate graph .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  test the original function is cleaned up at cache 'fast .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a relative box box .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read file into encoding .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  file   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current axis instance .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  make   a

test:  engulfing for use in weak .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   entities
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the metric body .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  validate and returns the given data .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run the remote account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   training
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a disjoint regular expression can be used .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  set the content of the given font properties .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple algorithm to find out of contents .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  the language argument is a amo column .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a met wrapper .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  loops   nodes
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  get the tasks from the system status set to the sub ones .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  expand the current tab id for all start characters .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  structured   null

test:  iddef restful crud parameter to the initial record can then used by an parameter add to .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns notify_url current python import .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  build   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  get the access token from sessions .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   custom
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  does no exception should always use != parts .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  function   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program types which will use for all program .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: aggregate-tests this plugin allows you to jenkins jenkins jenkins jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks an image into a agent array of indexes .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  backport with a html watch .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a word with the given lexical form and 'noun' .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  a version of new functions we find module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  determines whether the key holds a dictionary by calling a function .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create an tenant environment variable .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  to   python
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate a json list of channels .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  constructs the anomaly statement from a statement .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  constructs   return
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to compute the shapetmax radius .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  code   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a calculate and a hex for the given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  sets the number of files that have been changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance specs by flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator function for undefined .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  print   snippets

test:  build node information for git registration of the given node or node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  search   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort the list of tuples in the series/index .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the csc matrix to spacing or csc matrix parameters x : ndarray .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  expand the complex and makes sure that the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  expand   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a 64-bit b exactly one of the bytes in a .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a new harder against author max title if the absolute hypervisor .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  look   up

test:  return the cache keys requiring a string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   keys
truth:  cache   cache

test:  using the combine gui from the show device to connect to the list of keys .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   generator
truth:  to   connect

test:  create a single file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml providers cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  list   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  convert a random array like 0003 .
truth: like rand . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  turns an http description into a python description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  create a new gettext of a proportion .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  create   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the common text for the stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new :class: .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  mark   a

test:  preprocess a widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the given translations list of translations into a tuple and translations which can be used to process translations : translations layers to the given translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a trace handler that returns via the filtering context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  debugging   run
truth:  if   check

test:  get a 2-tuple of : mappings for specified number .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the process with specified name .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   constructor
truth:  null   null

test:  writes data to a course with the given course_key .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  is   debug
truth:  map   map

test:  transform a string to ascii and that can be used as a single space .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  transform   string
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to extract a external container .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build a base64-encoded script to an results of results .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   null
truth:  add   route

test:  convert multiple used to prevent multiple used in various days .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  converts a dictionary of key/value pairs to the keys of a key/value pair .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until a specific instance until an instance has been reached .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  null   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  parses an integer value .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  parses   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the context from a context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  query   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset **parameters**: form the text to be displayed in the form that is being rendered layout if set to horizontal will be rendered layout will
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   a
truth:  form   form

test:  return list of table names .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  list   test
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the tetragrid to the group using the target matrix .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  return datetime object from epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a vector for the given images .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for handling default changes to a method in a set of changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   file
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   options
truth:  search   search

test:  parse content content according to given path .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   load
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the mock user object to be used in to store the given request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if qiime is permission .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   =
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns the current json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  returns   release
truth:  null   json

test:  a string to be used for an url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and return the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if the file is in the given pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  finds out the first html tags from the expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  pull a list of nodes in a node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  find   build
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  call the given function and returns a numpy array with optional arguments .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  return the user command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   http
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name equals expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  wrapper around missingrequiredargumenttext .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  same as slot 8601 - like the arguments .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return static expression from a valid regular expression object .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  gets   lines
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   html

test:  get segment for a segment segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a ldconfig specific paths containing other python files .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  generate   generate

test:  require a current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  subscribe   award
truth:  null   badges

test:  delete all tasks to be deleted in the main app .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   app
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test creating/updating testcase from a sfreq: link for a particular url .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all latest categories .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  sort the list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  null   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  read each index file to be used and changing the most times using offset .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   mask
truth:  count   count

test:  determine the users avatar urls into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  obtains   serialize
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the current docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  populate   docker

test:  make version of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  provides   form
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   image
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the bug of partials .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  move   dictionary
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of vector3 paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   transform
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the continuous weights for calculating two nodes .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that graph is a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  trims a free message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  migrage   count
truth:  change   message

test:  create the hostname for json test data store .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  render   get
truth:  build   a

test:  get a hash of fields from a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function for backwards compatibility information .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a formatted form of the named form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  entry point .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  resolve   application
truth:  create   a

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a rule .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  yields   null

test:  generate bytearray for objects with length n .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for k .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if cyg module is available .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to amazon the given domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  count the number of elements in a sorted array math .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  count   truncate
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  override the global backend for testing .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  backend   null
truth:  get   get

test:  mat hold .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  hold   baby
truth:  null   cloud

test:  takes a dict and finds the fields of a dependencygrammar .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  takes   fake
truth:  value   value

test:  given the given sample mode .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an integer to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the convex loops which go to alreadyfilledarounds .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  ordered   get
truth:  to   add

test:  start a name using the package given its name .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  name   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can raise a folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  load only .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check the currently indexed status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  check   str
truth:  get   status

test:  among the stripe delete for the stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  changes   use
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   replacement
truth:  read   read

test:  poll a vm to begin transitive .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  poll   average
truth:  null   method

test:  test tokenization of django .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  test   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return text of the page requirement we represent uic2tag line .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   diff
truth:  text   text

test:  return a string version of a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  like   date
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  alternatives the temporary object then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a mounted device with the given mountpoint .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raise exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get plugin by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  determines whether a file can be written using the platform .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a bunch of tuples and its children .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   deserialize
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract the cookies from a response into a cookiejar .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  extract   estimate
truth:  request   request

test:  if the list of lines has a string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  if   null
truth:  split   split

test:  seq all bootstrap_button .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  this standard deviation for the standard deviation .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  creates a partial derivative of a given number of empty directories .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a security group with the specified id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive n-sized rows from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a equal-signs url into a tuple with the given url and query components .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  null   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypt the user if the repeated keychain with the same way as chooses .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  show   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  encode a relative heading alternative .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  sends   converts
truth:  send   send

test:  test that instructions correctly handles class .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  args: message containing message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  server   notification
truth:  send   message

test:  build the user policy and a tasks policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  represent a list of completed modified by their modified access .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  returns   manager
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a list with a string .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  check   check

test:  extract a formatted stream alias from action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   stream
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  decorator to mark a function or method true if argument isnt true true if argument isnt true true true true true true if argument to have not already have true
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   f
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the list of components associated with a ccx request .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works and emits a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test case of 1ip .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  a wsgi application object .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the edge features .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  train   a

test:  a simple notification function to disconnect a notification message messages .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin email address for a given user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  look up a vm by a salt cloud provider .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for the users changed list is assigned to the sites sites .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  decode the size of a buffer to be used as a unicode object .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  click the element(s) method to click .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  block   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  return the first character of the given or .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  return   check
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return the image by 2 images .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  python temp function .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant permissions that can be created into a new role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a dictionary converts a dictionary of key/value references with nested values to a single dictionary of dicts .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  used in a variety of second .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper execute a timestamper command .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  for a list of contents .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  null   message
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run flocker-volume tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load two images from file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a dns records from the provided response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit a dictionary of objects for one element .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test the expression sine .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  creating   method
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  checks the time and returns true if fallback is true .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  start server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  replace tab path with absolute path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  perform no good and no bad .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  prepare   metadata
truth:  function   function

test:  return strings as a python string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  is the environment variables used to test a particular filters .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets locator locator in a hash of changes .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  server   server

test:  computes the unique id of a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  sets an existing graph graph .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return user object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  tests daemontools interfaces .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  tests   compute
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a new document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  converts a string to a comma separated list of numbers .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  set   set

test:  coverage coverage header .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  this is used to extract values .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  does not have .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  null   average
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this sequence following chunks of length n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the state of the parent process is in_progress by sent to the status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  update   status

test:  import data to match a dict and checks the given data .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  import   file
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute shortest path between edges and all adapters nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  run a function to run its output from sys .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   string
truth:  run   run

test:  load all mminion from all returners modules cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  attach   data
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is an instance of masked known .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  resolve none and returns the base version of serialization .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  resolve   matching
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python dotted path separator .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a factory for ryu .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts value to a boolean .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup a remote remote tv sensor .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  takes a string and a string .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot a negative quarter product of matrices .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  helper for checking if needed .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  updates   updates

test:  standard arma process object .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   profiles
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the header generated .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  ensure the new state turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  convert   duplicate
truth:  called   null

test:  test adding volume labels to credentials .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  label   python
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  build an array to make the same length as data .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  build   array
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of matching products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a redirect dict of server .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  token   token

test:  convert a list of longs to utility forms on this format:: proportional is not supported in low-level way .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a twinx axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  decodes   actions
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text with color internationalization by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   package
truth:  string   in

test:  this function takes an integer into a string value .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all running' for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  callback for *_no_command of an image .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  callback   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the hadoop version .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  extract   version
truth:  return   return

test:  provides a secure fixture with httpbin .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  return   score
truth:  like   like

test:  enumerates the link of u'http' .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  change   null
truth:  log   a

test:  returns a class instance of the specified class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  checks if the name is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  update a whitelist time from a server .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  run server to start catalina .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  make   handler
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handle the second kind of n .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  null   list
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns multiple multiple multiple of a univariate polynomial f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test install and can not listed if so .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a overridden field from a uploads field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer from the list of registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   values
truth:  set   set

test:  export default .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   value
truth:  default   default

test:  write a agent to a plain file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pull
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' graph of length n .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download command from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of ips .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box with an add-on to check the user .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  decorate   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find parent directories for template paths in template .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return a month name for the current .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates task tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  associate   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  statuses assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to be a minion group .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   compute
truth:  accept   a

test:  loads client id from settings specified in settings .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  wraps a method in parent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  request a new git listing .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  request   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get first lines in a set of lines starting with first id .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all default agent agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the set]if # measure .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   vector3
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a number to the transform to make it .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  upsert_data() of another module given a module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  choose   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  evaluates elements of x to scale using the leading distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   inclusion_no_params_from_template
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  when a document is fallback .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  select   create
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by attribute .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the line with the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  returns   crud
truth:  process   a

test:  uninstall an easy_installed package from pypi .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network on a specified format .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sends to current user with dfn .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  make   discover
truth:  set   set

test:  wrapper around next input .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  input   execution
truth:  patch   patch

test:  compute the number of cones from a pmf .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  text name .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  text   text
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a list of receivers in the order registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of email config .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  calculate the expression representing the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt an aes cipher cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   status
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  returns none or error statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this method will return an instance of a personal identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates multiple tags from multiple times .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  compute the meg of x .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote an sqlite3 .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  helper function to load out for a user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the modules output from a packet packet .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  list   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook the call mydelay function until it calls another call .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert ipv6 .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  manage   accepts
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the given fake groups to the given group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an alternate relation string .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if the point is inside the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list database kinds of a postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the point is intersecting the other segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the unicode content of a file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  to   source
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the name of the users checked for a certain language .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  constructs the field values from the given field of a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast an groups groups to a new instance .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parse the cleaning from the device .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run the given function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  obtain   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  sync the database to match the latest version of or the values in the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   discover
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  sends a mock response using secure .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return character string in the series/index string using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decodes   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  extract a set of data['title'] text from the given text string .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the default urls configuration for a url .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  look   up

test:  recursively health the root position for the given user .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname into a drive path and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests to decorator .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pysignature decorator for methods whose values are of the arguments flipped .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  press the dictionary form of tasks .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  scans   returns
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  dummy dipy showing the local timezone .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  reset   show
truth:  if   check

test:  test against: generators .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the maintenance state given the maintenance setting .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write the file with the given name if it exists .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  looks up there are some of the unix text .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dictionary with all tokens stripped .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  replaces   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a particular email should be viewable about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return version information for the git shell .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run html page between half of the user .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  run   build
truth:  open   documentation

test:  returns the ids as supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  takes html tags and returns html tags .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  this will work with a memory gate .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   step
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode and return demultiplex header for missing sequences .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the test is cleared .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  make   null

test:  adds an account .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  named   null

test:  if we dont have a numeric suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  if   register
truth:  visit   visit

test:  get a list of module modules in a list of test modules and load them as a list of module modules which has a list of module modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a cypher column .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  place   answers
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get the name of the file that contains the directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  utility function to get the system image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  function   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a new queue header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  issue   authentication
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a response .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  get character thrown by program .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  turns an openshift-creator into optiongroup .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  base   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get theme directories for all themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the current thread .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal to the edges .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates a user for the staff user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a namespace page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  return the 2-dimensional x hermite arrays .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  return   map
truth:  if   null

test:  copy zip file and download plugins to the given plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  creates a message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes common test modules to 2822 python module .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  test   test

test:  python implementation of pivot .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return the results of a postgres server cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper for calling |element| driver found in response .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test average of data@requires .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete all upgrade allocation records for the given subnet and upgrade ones .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get all failedtogetgroup{ group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   group

test:  boolean region of low the assumes the test includes the end of low .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  have   error
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph induced by bipartite .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  return   return

test:  for testing .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return true if the given distances are present in the list .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  if   null

test:  get current apropriate proposed by its name .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session by loading it to a current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it can extract case as definitions on scenario .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  are   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the name of the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  is   null

test:  remove code from a list of hosts .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  using 20 api to search for 20 resources .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  using   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  set the kodi setting for the specified value .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  set   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify a mount security for the specified target .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   zone
truth:  modifies   null

test:  deprecated since remote home assistant module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  builds   replacement
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  replace a simple api object or a dict .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list associated instance profiles .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   null
truth:  to   check

test:  download all the installed version of the args and return the list .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   args

test:  creates a datastore datacenter path and returns the appropriate canonical .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  generate depth by integrating integer into place .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  trivial   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create a dopile .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   sets
truth:  drop   database

test:  reads the string and returns a binary file object .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  combined   target
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the names of a vector parameters inputs : 1-d tensor or tuple a number of times .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine if or not a positive character is another character .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  change {ips: changes .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  callback   callable
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if the user can view the allowed reviewer .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  view   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a certain status from packet bound to wait .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  test for **kwargs adding the needles order to detect all classes in needles mode using fs entities .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  initiate   format
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a draft with the given path to an object from preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  update existing certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  wrapper to get an aws connection .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts score based on matching courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a graph of side and graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  parse a function in a volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  query the default batch when the xmodule is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  query   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  transform a user label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  works   returns
truth:  converts   integer

test:  converts the xml tree with its depth .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  function   in
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a uuid for the users uuid and a namespace uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the given rights to a collection of tags .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  halt the pathname .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  if   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create an appropriate edit of the default edit object .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  create   return
truth:  if   null

test:  performs gamma of length and returns a sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  slices   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for a certain line brackets used .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verify whether a given logger is a newly that creates a whitespaces and returns the response .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the desired value .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the environment dictionary of 'gcloud' field names .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type g section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   change
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   estimate
truth:  perform   null

test:  return a testsi endpoint from url and returns the service api url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update and add given srcpath from file .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup disks :return: string: the current machine :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   subscription
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  return a list of columns from nb .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  xor   xor

test:  get marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  extract   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert a floating point dtype to an array .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a list of all argument order .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  null   pair
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson list for bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  creates a simple wrapper around a given esxi object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieve the size of a directory .
truth: utility function . 
test:  collect   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   way
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that theano and compressed tags give the same seed as the results with the same seed than theano decorator .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate binary labels from binary array of shape and recursively labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from current url of **progress vpnservice .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   try
truth:  download   download

test:  show users songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  null   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  returns the default path for the given path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the current node from iterable from iterable iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  cyclen   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  require an nginx language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  require   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find a command in folder with a given name .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  when a timezone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the system path for the object .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  computes md5 hash of "byte_str" and return the hypergeometric string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print the redis transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an iterator to use in given error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show celery and show options .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  similar to the given attributes .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  to   add

test:  return nice configuration changes .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new extending cipher .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  this view takes an incoming certificate post and returns the certificate info as a dict .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  verifies   type
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  returns the path to the resource vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a dictionary of row into a single since the given row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no normal simplerst table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds an existing webhook tensor and merge it into a one-item tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  force permission to be of existing permission and permission .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  force   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  cornice json .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  a check whether an object is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  are   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  strip all files and delete ones .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the approximate style style style style features .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a saved event object .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading and see if the table should be used .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  enforce   url
truth:  write   a

test:  like simpledecoder .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  copy   delete
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  create an entry of every request .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  figure   figure

test:  return the given original string that was generated by replacing one .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  replaces   new

test:  remove any network from ccx to generate the ccx objects .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  first time back to rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  convert   constructor
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on argument path .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns an selinux domains which contains the same url and optional records in the unwrapped with the given domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determines if plural address contained in source to v2 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  estimate   try
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper function to build a base filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  change the pdb module to use .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  change   a
truth:  call   pdb

test:  get an entity from entity .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  get   html
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list all the tryingto login messages .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  list   calls
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  checks and normalizes an url based on the scheme and the given url .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a value for the specified object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of each mean is farther than the mean is farther out of the mean squared error otherwise be greater than the mean in
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test for m2m lookup .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  solve   equalization
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string appended to use in a given value .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of available calculated calculators for the current user .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a key from etcd only .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  renders   run
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances are properly handled in *icrs* to make sure we dont break on right functions .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   whitespace
truth:  check   check

test:  c' case of the query .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renames renames .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  import   handlers
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator for adding new methods to an attribute on a metaclass class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   value
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy shutil of data from src to the destination of the current context .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  given one of the metadata .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  return dict of lines from given docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  bound   a
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns the root free config .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts human readable to hostname .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return link to relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  count   zip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the incomplete path is installed .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] dict from a f dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that returns the limit of close queries for the specified batch .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  function   verifies
truth:  search   search

test:  parse asdl file and return the given name .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   asdl
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the list of names from the resource .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the weighted linear regressions .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit int from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook use this e .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a celery model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  helper function for adding arguments to command with args .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   no
truth:  bind   cli

test:  return true if file can be written .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  break the source code of a text into text string .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wraps a fileupload method and singletons singletons y to *time_old* expansion .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  determines if the job is installed .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  to   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create a directory for measuring directories .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  create   system
truth:  creates   a

test:  provides coverage name of all coverage found under path .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return an image with a painting .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a group is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the full path to the given cache path path to the windows directory path with the given cache cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get and display a client .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert the data from x to a title .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   snake

test:  decorate methods from comparing to palette .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  deprecated   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  base   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript ['external class with a javascript file and transform prefix .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for checking if appropriate npn is not an instance of this .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a configuration object the the key specified as a configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the module according to the api .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  updates   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  starts starts summary for cifar model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  starts   migrate
truth:  null   eval

test:  common events transform from keen from keen .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return a dictionary of facet items from the user .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return corrcoef using the tree size .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  query the query string for the given server .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  query   lookup
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel detach section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   resolves
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new array containing the values of x .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  m a normal handle n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  email   matrix
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive tzinfo .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip\nset-lx shell completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   content
truth:  getting   test

test:  determine the path given a relative path and a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  determine   glob
truth:  provides   null

test:  test that ptk gives the filled method .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  test   test
truth:  dedent   null

test:  expand an iterable of binary and system path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  null   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  this function does nothing through the user .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  an handlers generator for the given node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to create an operation .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return a dictionary that only the keys in the provided keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  the program is more than one directory .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  mounted   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful tests of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   run
truth:  testing   testing

test:  gets a wrapper from a working command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  run   run

test:  merge multiple files into their names .
truth: many builds . 
test:  merge   filename
truth:  builds   null

test:  coil "locales" listing from qsavefile .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  using   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure that a gem configuration is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  make   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for marking indentation to apply to unwrapped debug .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network algorithm of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theme theme of a path .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   create
truth:  name   name

test:  return a sequence of brands values .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function lists from stripped extension .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  debug function to get a dictionary of strings to converted to the appropriate options .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the root .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to the given user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  to   match
truth:  add   a

test:  parse the version number like a .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run the current application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   start
truth:  like   like

test:  store authentication with http requests object to be used for setting templates .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta fasta .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return configuration .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of the rabbitmq plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that versions of single-key calling the bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adjacency-list and sort json encoded data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  works   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  temporarily disable the module to restore the other partys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in directory in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change show arp on pynet-rtr2 device cli example: .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a pair containing unique dependencies for each requests/responses .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  adds   keys
truth:  null   null

test:  original process .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if obj is a length of the given object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find -  for label attributes .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  find   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return ftypes with the actual nv(union) .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   new
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a reverse representation of the given item .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  get a list of answers answers names and its answer after the given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  on values of lowest parts .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  convert   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  constructs data for ccx git block for ccx block .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  constructs   check
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test if the object is a scalar-like .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  process and merge a log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of header names .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all compiled filters available in the given compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks duplicates mapping file with 1 .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   version
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  when creating a link in a url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  link   weekly
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to pull request instance from a local url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   returns
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the input from the input nodes to uses the graph nodes to output nodes of the graph nodes to uses the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  main method to create the device installation .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a security subnet exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse http request header and return an http response code .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  maps   returns
truth:  try   try

test:  test pretty-printing table designed for the set of pretty-printing .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  evaluate a solution dot product of a and b = dot product defined by the nesting dot product of the two things .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  evaluate   x
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the results from configuration .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  sampling   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a idle loss level .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   utc
truth:  create   property

test:  download the setuptools version of a url to find it .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  find text in text .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  find   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt a user to reply with a new variable name .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  config   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove unique prefix after ident .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file format .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  make sure that the named iis is none}else .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a bcache device with info .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restores configuration .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  handle   configuration
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate or overwrite the nested normalformgame values .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  evaluate   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  providing   verbose
truth:  project   project

test:  helper to call coordinate frame parameters frame : set frame .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of int ids and its dependencies for the repository that are emitted as dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string containing the major and minor python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception exception exception .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check whether a file has any of the files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  signal handler for :func:dmp_clear_denoms search page .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  expand   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a clique graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data passed through pass filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   data

test:  run the server .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  run   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert rid of admin channel to dict .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  list   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback that runs a user .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   standard
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that the output of some enough color can be handled by wrong .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   val

test:  given a list of icon tags .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this returns a staff formatted key from a course or a staff .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assert that argument is present with a valid item of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  constructs and returns a bootstrap bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  constructs   task
truth:  import   import

test:  run a user .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  run   a
truth:  name   name

test:  0x00004000 using to_match .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   images
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice view for a fixed index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  returns   np
truth:  function   function

test:  test the importer can be refused .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return true if decorator is loaded .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  change a tag name from a tag to prepare remove tags and tags from .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode m values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a symbolic services .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flag an api as a specific ; .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  mark   up
truth:  return   description

test:  set the variables used for original threads .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  walk a path .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   null

test:  signal that metadata_url to enter the content to copy to a wrapper .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  determines that the file can be included to a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  trailing trailing comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  get   build
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  setup   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test if .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  function   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  make sure that all values of *x* is a pydoc .
truth: aux function . 
test:  ensures   create
truth:  function   function

test:  get the login message .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an array with the folders .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  evaluate   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  creates a new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  register   get
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly on the sockets with the same meaning .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  return   fix
truth:  null   convenience

test:  generate sure the content type is done .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  calling   api
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return an ascii users for some users at a given users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the next tag f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a filler instance with the specified text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get all tags for an agent .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the matrix uses carriage .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main entry point for smartly .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  compute   sets
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx sphinx link for sphinx .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  takes   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  a higher order function to make changes on the fields passed to the file system .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that a problem created with a nice catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  to   gl
truth:  null   database

test:  handles the varnish fields for a deployments exception .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  get the prefix for the current thread name .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of properties of the managed type properties specified .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an exception if an account headers is specified .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   flask
truth:  caching   set

test:  simple wrapper around contributors .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   check

test:  transform a course_key to a subsection score from the subsection api json .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the certificate as a certificate as fo form that require a certificate as found .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  determine metaclass between distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  determine   compute
truth:  find   find

test:  return value of a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the robust mean of f .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  returns   scaling
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  create and return a random string with alpha and return a random string .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  iterate over an array of points .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  iterate   order
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  executes wrapping a function and returns a wrapper for refresh .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of all the tree found in a given list of nodes .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return a list of sql sqlite to generate a db .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  return   training
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager to do a qmutex .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   null
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy test using same .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  test   cost
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return an entry in the differential equation is the differential equation formats the file status .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  saves   get
truth:  showing   null

test:  find a runner .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  find   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return ndarray label based on at least one and binary search function .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  runs mock dependencies .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  runs   admin
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to perform a method where a hash has a different auth .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns millesconds with the requestspec image .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  returns   feature
truth:  return   info

test:  generate py .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  latex   latex

test:  helper function to check if private-browsing .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns only the sum .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a decorator that insures a function before combining a .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform s to a string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  s   replace
truth:  string   string

test:  attempts to parse a certificate in particular format .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the specified host system connection using the specified host .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a string for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  save an existing sys_uptime .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   append
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  deserialize members of an object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  normalizes and sends a spatial module to signature .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  list   list

test:  apply depth-first channels .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler to the module and installs them for the script .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   func
truth:  logs   logs

test:  convert a 'aandbshouldbesquare-free' .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   python
truth:  point   point

test:  install and updates the specified policy .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator for i/o that the decorated function to get a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds a new access medadata to the target number .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  adds   bytes
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a cache process with the given path .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a comma parameter names .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  skip   string
truth:  default   default

test:  return a string representation of the cluster .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  list   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a name or a base base path to a base base name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  test if upgrade is uninstalled .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  set whether the name of the current instance .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  set   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a simple helper function for mitm in a bottom_up fashion through the tree .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  require a version string to be finalized correctly .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  provides a list with the given sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  given   multiple

test:  gets the email address of the current user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  if   check

test:  translate a css .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  algorithm   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  escape a qt quotes from a url .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute os-independent function of matrices sorted matrices .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  adds the collection of a collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data for base32 aes key and stores it to the base64 encoded data .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with darwin darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  checking the csv of the elements in the same period as the new month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  access   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the image is dummy .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple of the latest state with a positive state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  constructs a single image of the master image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  write file to the owner contents .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  convert a string to a python file .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  a helper function to download an item from a inline metadata .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  download   permissions
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a local url to a local base url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  null   a

test:  clear the manager for the current thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy an instance that has been previously exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  extracts script count from displaying .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  extracts   format
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from control-n separated list to 7while .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  a function for setting the randomization of an kb cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  function   version
truth:  makes   a

test:  primary : lparen primary assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  provide the q-values :class:linuxdistro for a base class .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  notify   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with the tensors elements .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert latitude to single-letter cost .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   virtual
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a new list of dictionaries containing keys and their keys .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate feedbackthreadmodel according to the django backends .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   log
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given the specified index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  given   get
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a single registration .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media form for an media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  import   check
truth:  edit   media

test:  provide absolute value of two sin(x)*-2 .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  provide   sum
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to consume from task id .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  registers a new class as an c class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  null   type

test:  shows func with deletion related to templates .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   func
truth:  null   a

test:  one memory number .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the key of all nodes .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  return the model class .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  model   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all func .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  print inner versions of an externally tree .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a profiler .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   status
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to generate a randomly sampled epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return if the rsa exponent that is the leading exponent .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change local password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  tries to find a module in the provided sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  allow   tests
truth:  add   multiple

test:  set password of an account as matched .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  set   checking
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes with parent nodes to return all the parent tree can either pass in the parent content alias for rendering in the parent
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom codecs cache .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   a
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig publish trend reports with bbtrig plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple dict representation of a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the draft or super an object corresponding to the given .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   config
truth:  save   a

test:  read a pcfg .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate a squared-exponential linear regressions .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  evaluate   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return the information for the xfs xfs info file .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  wrapper for -min_elemwise{x .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   negation

test:  given a real start byte-code .
truth: as above . 
test:  construct   integer
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a model is created .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  given   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  use the project to find the given server .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  use   find
truth:  uses   uses

test:  register an ordered key class into a string with three protocols .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  trigger   a
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of zones for the passed profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  retrieve a keys for a key and look up an attribute .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  retrieve   details
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to scenario/create .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects the submodules of all the kivy order .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  to   null

test:  compute 3000 .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  mimic   null
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  performs a csr on a list of categorical files .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  performs   csr
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  cookie the public 'nevergonnagiveyouup' .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  unregister   formats
truth:  patch   patch

test:  once context variables required for remote path and once .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a le32 segments to a c{set} segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  convert   view
truth:  null   policy

test:  this function tries to get the information about the chart and return a string containing the data period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  function   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  send a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  given   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  url url .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  update packages in the database .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read text into a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  text   path
truth:  string   string

test:  given an api api identified by name returns {deleted: true} if the api api was tagged false} if the trail was not tagged .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  try to convert value to a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   try
truth:  filter   filter

test:  uploads an object to this port to this port .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  run a full template for the given resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  doing   host
truth:  return   a

test:  accepts the deserialize payments .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  quote the model class by processor .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the` registers a query .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  give   null

test:  clear instance state .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  view decorator to require the user to staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a user .
truth: remove message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  takes a list of headers and returns either a boolean indicating whether the user is selected .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  list configuration files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  using   print
truth:  list   list

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   application
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  given an python module name .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a doc with a type .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  manage the cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index key to a freesurfer_home memory .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to check if the given path has all ignored names .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  base   units
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows value .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return a dict with keys and override all libraries .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  return   list
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns a string like foo .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute nth factorial factorization of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  test general python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   hedgehog
truth:  test   test

test:  split and recursively one block of the e[ classes .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  split   matrices
truth:  null   part

test:  starts the workflow and trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to add a user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  to   users
truth:  add   user

test:  gets an email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the full version of index tcp needed to make sure the token; is the index object .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate macros to instructor plugins .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  drops   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  force and/or weird files to create a temp directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  open   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes polynomial g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to simulate an num: stderr in case .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current host .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of hardware random test .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an alternate command from a --help .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  run   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dictionary of fits with option and entities .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  take   something
truth:  record   record

test:  returns a single feedbackmessagereference parameter for a flask resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager for exact a given or sorted tuple .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  sort   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest guest spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  restart the string minimal by python 2 .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  indicate   error
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert the duration of seconds in the format of seconds since the unix milliseconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  return the python executable in the bcpy command .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a sorted copy of a value .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the circular mean of an array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  factor square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] for large n .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the user defined parameters .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   append
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the oauth client at which to use errors .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  elementwise label for a cdf label int .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to compute a test which this function is a resource into a resource - used by a .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  update   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  combine url .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  url   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse filename from filename into structured information .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  suggest   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a new file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a python module to a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   custom
truth:  converts   a

test:  test generator of the bound method .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the machine that vcards this is on windows .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sleep for zero activity delay .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the discrete sine transform of arbitrary brain of matrices .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  compute   try
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads all unique output of a url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   android
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email utility function to send notification to thread send its path .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  given   a

test:  return the left registry of the api running == true will first registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for production / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  prepare function to process summary of serialization summary domain .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  like   like

test:  if path is empty .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  document   configure
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path of a test data file .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() with invalid error .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the dictionary query .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  find   get
truth:  execute   sql

test:  a placeholder decorator for the no song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hex digest of a string .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : lpar plus expr | expr minus expr | expr gt expr | rule ge rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean the garbage output of g .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function to format a single string from all headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the current authentication url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of lines to render in filename .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  text showing on windows systems .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  register a function to be called via generator .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  register   returns
truth:  func   func

test:  resnet-50 log hash to review board with a relative suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  associate   target
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a string to a '""'else python dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   python

test:  create a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse an inner markup string into an global document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   content
truth:  create   a

test:  filters all files to be switched .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  test whether gaussian can be created .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment of the mean .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  s   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a remote server completion .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  context   checking
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a string representation of a list of metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  convert the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse out a string according to be needed .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  is   input

test:  register deterministic count .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  register   replacement
truth:  construct   null

test:  extract the list of files and its script_name .
truth: by default . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  default   default

test:  displaying the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a dns job mac address to a string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   returns
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  helper to compile a source and save to the compiled object .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  to   content
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  remove a value from x .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  delete   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  calls fname_presuffix .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  query the contents of an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device type is set to a functional one cluster node only can be run on a node with a functional in the cluster .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions that only be rendered .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix row-wise .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the expected results for expected results with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test that the action is referenced by our api .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  ensure that the rdp app is disabled and disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  executes   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure the fast whitespace is present at the beginning of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  vouches cannot be enabled .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and endcodes pickle pickle to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   redirects
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one return a single argument names .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  is this a final if we know about .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the line with style content .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the message to stderr .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  filter whether filter should contain any files and returns true .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  list points of a keyspace in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  calculates the specified parameters from the database .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  using   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  default root of good reports .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split a number into chunks of size size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns an closest closest for the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine error message for packaging .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  get an object from the given color value .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   objects
truth:  color   color

test:  safe_peekline the tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an unique join join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  collecting   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  sy sy system .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  widget   replacement
truth:  null   information

test:  log out logging .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  log   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  handle any optional links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to be used to be a method .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure that the running arguments works correctly .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  computes the population mean of a positive integer x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute x .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  null   function
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the name of the git version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot a single variable used by a default pattern .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   get
truth:  plots   day

test:  call both vv(x) and either a valid python or applied to the analysis .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  set   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  converts a new :func:dumps to a potentially value .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  modify   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for caching class .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function to produce ssl tests to an ssl server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception with a tied constraints or is a tied constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  reduce   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the float value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the requested service access on the request .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  get   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  convert path of invalid folders .
truth: main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry a function if retry is raised .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   send
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  open a template file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  open   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return the difference between 0 and sign in a given frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   number
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper function to create place .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  function   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check that the specified users created on nictag can be removed .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  ensures   policy
truth:  if   check

test:  simple smoketest for a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  dump the temporary directory to use for all the files .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  dump   python
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative to a list .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the executing configuration parameters .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform any low-level character type hashable by checking for unix .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   effect

test:  delete all special characters from things .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  delete   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary of users with one or more email addresses .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of groups that are error .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a serialize/deserialize that supports the importer .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns imports modules from bytestrings .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  import   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a sequential gaussian array of all backing coefficients .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the output of a hermitian array with partitions and clusters .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  find   core
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  returns a blob from the client .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  take a set of volumes and merge them into a set of volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create group types in the group .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this view adds an email report to the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  report   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  constructs a romberg for correlation coefficient .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  celery application in the cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  starts   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  determine if a file extension is dot .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  value   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for an image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return product structure of the sequence of bytes .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of features to see if they are &amp; before a given feature .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given value is a generator object .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse start http session string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the :term:locale name used by the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes a new version of image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  iterate over a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of all descendant get the order of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverse and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  reverse   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the translation thread setting from django .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns path to version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  server   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a function for checking if djangos-social-auth is not in any of the lib .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the current date .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  applies asfreq on the carbon method .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  this is a string representation of the plotting digest components .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   add
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  remove a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  show if object is being debug .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  show   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this hook is called every time the server starts with a shutdown .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  get   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run freebsd-update with name redis name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  list   return
truth:  if   check

test:  wraps wraps the argument to be run using the command line .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  null   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  remove the gcc of git formatting from git .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  reset   collection
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split the annotation policy into a dict .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  include   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  return info about an available postgresql extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   number
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as nt their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a named registry name for all registered entities in the mapping .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  standardizes a command .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a fake client .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  function   function

test:  factory of overwritten: .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field sums products using sparse products within sparse products .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   field

test:  instance view .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   flask
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return an html traceback object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   apply
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert from create-cluster .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  example version of a particular event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple wavelet of the image components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a sequence of curve using a trivial .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all matches in the string by using the pattern .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   wrapper
truth:  trims   null

test:  return a list of contents of lp .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  download   searches
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the deviance likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  the given hash of the given hash .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  calculates   description
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  unique key for a single table of text .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  ramseys and request request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save an image from a file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap tasks .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  query   configuration
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name of the object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  normalizes string bytes to be compatible .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   null

test:  turns a nested listing into a list of images .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  walk   tree

test:  upload a single dataset to upload .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the os .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test name and name .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test if the iteration of runners .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return virtual checksum of a severity 32-bit key .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves the value of the compiler bits .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper to refresh inventory on all packages .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data to the book-crossing file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   api

test:  compute the finder path from the full url .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  compute   cache
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives current order is a script .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace special chars from the string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function so we only returns jinja2 .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  log   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return date for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   weekday
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a sort form layer string and return a tuple with the {percentage: layers .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   pricing
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of issues from the given dict .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  try to get an instance of a current database .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree by a single data .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a directory where python source files are in a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  converts a collection to a session .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  remove   converts
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create an enum column .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   source
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to add a function to the decorated function .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  ensures   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser a user from a datastore .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns a python module appropriate for loading .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  provides   -
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if a domain is missing .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  migrates   reference
truth:  send   a

test:  solves integer equation directly .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  set the minimum shed modules to feed .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  set   add
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  preprocess an image to a random image in the "log_url" library .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns current backend with current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter by default to be required to compare additional settings in default .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the unicode representation of a python object .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path of the __init__ binary file .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services have the same ssh require original files .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through spend given an undirected spend .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience routine to get the aws cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  attempts   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of indices of shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the overlay for num_epochs on training_set_size own 1000 .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  train   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return the string of the appropriate language code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a pattern in the given name .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert mpl to 1 .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  ensures   mne
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of valid disk directories .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  determine   shorthand
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the correct changes file .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with the given line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  connect to the failed job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a file and geometry image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  actually return true for original keyid .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  scale   configuration
truth:  change   a

test:  returns large 2return indices of an array of bin indices rounded an array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  apply internet internet object .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete an iam policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the various idnew sample directories .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an item candidates for the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  when an email to a team .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   null
truth:  request   request

test:  calculate the scalar gradient of a frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split and :return: a pathname .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  split   implementation
truth:  join   path

test:  test for embedding_attention .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  save image files to disk .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  save   json
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract selected header from http response headers which have the value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  print unicode options and print to stdout but print a trail instance along with the specified uses the specified prefix and prefix but instead of the prefix .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   update
truth:  display   a

test:  load a list of ip addresses from the specified ip .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a new connection object from a database using the selected sqlite key .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  scan   update
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the list of remote git os .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  fetch   status
truth:  make   null

test:  run raw bluetooth address with address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  turn   get
truth:  null   null

test:  make a new user in the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  add   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  tests whether we should run and has a translation process .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  is   null

test:  read a python file with encoding .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  read   a
truth:  content   content

test:  test for this bug .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to be installed at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  the xml encoding of xml from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem expr | ruleitem minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge morerules .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a no-op to unload an ipython exception .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  count number of security group with the given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   security
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot plot when multiple choice labels .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write django tunnel to language .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  write   null

test:  test that the default javascript for the target number and b are added to b .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   planck
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the dark host .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  list   tests
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in the given type .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  returns the list of code names of code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  perform a new image of a directed image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query with timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  repeat   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add upgrade table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   duplicate
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher execute a chain of builds .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : lpar | unpack_dents .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   command
truth:  atom   atom

test:  build common paragraph of tuples .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to retrieve a fallback language for the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolve an object or a space .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   activation
truth:  resolve   null

test:  determine the user id for the current user and displays the permissions .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of a single image .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a test purpose file path .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the maximum number of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replace the fieldname .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return dict of satisfy read platform definition .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  displays   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes of numpy .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   md5

test:  monitor negatives events are inside a dict .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  changes   metadata
truth:  receive   messages

test:  a syn[ version of os .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  takes an error => set .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  set   set

test:  stub function for displaying a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if the specified private key is configured on the system .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  null   return
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of an array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get class by name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to add to all elements of a matrix .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline for a user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  retrieve   thread
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is in a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute of the fingerprinting of an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register the list of available functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the inverse of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get an instance method of the given method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  decorate   attempt
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscribers data .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parses a unicode-safe encoded string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parses   list
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a template object using the django management project .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  context   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  adds error thrown by setting that ssl? the error .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary version string to a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of all kinds mounted for a given kind .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple member of a single call in an object with a mock object .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  builds   patch
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns none for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the either edges of the graph given the target .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the environment object to use for the current environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for hg cfg .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  are always returns the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  lookup provided table by name .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  to   try

test:  formats tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  formats   example
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  extract text from orig_width .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws modules with aws aws aws renderer .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs a timeseries from the current tar format .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the specified axis .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a number of numbers with a string formatting .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  create   monitor
truth:  insert   insert

test:  a view for prefetch_related_objects that adds the subscription in tinymce .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if 'centos' is installed .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt validator .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the full systems altaz is consistent with just a single altaz and that passing the correct altaz as and that shouldnt have different settings for the correct setup/teardown
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   number
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  simple helper function to get status information from django .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  swap   argument
truth:  given   null

test:  nasty django text/plain url .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata from a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert wavelength to the character format .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   normalize
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  gets an tools from a different vif status message to retrieve the python object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  use   use

test:  open the 1csa serializers for saving .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  open   access
truth:  see   null

test:  return denominators in q[x] .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  make sure that the content with content attribute 5 .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  make   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  full name of function that exists .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  helper add ccpr with dict-like catalogs .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  add   ccpr
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  helper function to get the url for the current context .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  when a file is shown .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : str .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  import   import

test:  generate a symbolic subclass many .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  transform   int
truth:  generates   a

test:  generate a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  using   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   polarity
truth:  processes   processes

test:  determine whether the repository for the specified database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  determine   n
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if certificate is part of certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  the idea is a valid ip address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a stack at the mixed migration .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   os
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  null   toggle
truth:  list   list

test:  list all above files in this directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   in
truth:  return   return

test:  test that model with a model can be used as a model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the standard deviation of the given list of values .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a worker can make true .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  null   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volumes image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the args string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a base91-encoded .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   =
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the only tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list that would turn it as a list of tuples to the final list of tuples .
truth: take a token . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  override the specified size of the array .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  override   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   64bit

test:  determine whether user has prereg registrations for prereg .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  return a single space of text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  interleave   null
truth:  given   a

test:  parse http header into a pair .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the list of results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this is a task based on a watch watch to the watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  is   year
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all containers available services .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file into a datastore path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes log correlation matrix for an infinite ndarray .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   factor
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert strings from strings to unicode strings using embedded embedded bytes .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a version of length size with the random length of a given length .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  null   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will build out enrollment cart to the order page args: course_key: the order model representing the most recent cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   method
truth:  create   create

test:  convert an ipv4 address to a flexget address string that is complete in packed caches of the given ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test multiple extensions that have a file extensions in rtl .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   html
truth:  test   test

test:  get cint account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   account
truth:  append   a

test:  given a list of dynamic names and windows modules .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns: the standard error of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in <program_name> .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  saves   read
truth:  write   null

test:  returns a gray-level text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   star

test:  upgrade master processes via master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  add   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get a class with loader that look like a class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  adds   load
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager that requires changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   update
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint value .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  a document that parses a document and returns json string .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  reset   view
truth:  check   check

test:  validates whether a string can be used with to_string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  normalizes   validates
truth:  to   function

test:  convert a list to the oids .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  takes   a

test:  this function returns all the summary info we know about the decorated function to start with a given root node and descendants descendants .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the specified range with elements .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  validate source spaces from a given source space using a broadcast .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  align segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function will display a new c{codestring} entry from the batch-command .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   in
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize a buf: client .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  register   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create and remove invalid xml nodes .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  read   read

test:  convert a function to a sequence of multi-proc .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  convert   handle
truth:  implements   implements

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a python module object for a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  the outstanding notes page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  display   display

test:  load the python modules .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the value of the specified value to the filename .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  given   replace
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets items from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   albuminfo
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the standard comment separated by comment into a relative comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   a
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  path to a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror pid into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update a hash .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  update   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates the startupinfo command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the system is enabled .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  patch database upon c{int} to appropriate group .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  function   user
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return all groups the given user and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test for an models goal api failures .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  test   transform
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator to require a set of tasks .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tests the odd classification function .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  tests   apply
truth:  return   a

test:  extra inputs to values .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a local ips to a node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverts an exploration to disk for the given exploration version .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  reverts   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  given   replaces
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the varnish data and return as much data as a much as a string .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  exists   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  upload profile for an image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  null   api

test:  split whitespace into a dict .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  requires the correct global server in the directories .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  load   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  run logs from logs .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  execute   format
truth:  run   example

test:  test sure the tpot url is similar to local .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  output   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the given host to remove host the host to remove the host to remove the mysql host the host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates an event on some edges .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  create a proxy for use in tests .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a log on a specified request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  reads the currently active 'up' .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  compile   n
truth:  source   source

test:  helper method to get the region for the specified phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of index representing the number of checksum .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  iterate over a sequence of tokens .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of the given time indexes .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   index
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads a token from an json-compatible remote file system .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the total over an array of k matrices .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve student for negative num given certificate flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http accept-* .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   method
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the accuracies class for urls .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  string   cast
truth:  returns   a

test:  different function to convert each array of failed array to nt each line .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  function   message
truth:  convert   nt

test:  construct chain for chain .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors even if collection .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path to the given attribute of an object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  is cart or not we dont have cart if the user which users cart to use for other users cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  try to build a node from api .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  if   hgrid
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the first word in status is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a space separated list to a millisecond character string .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  groups the number of degree in a degree that was uploaded .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  counts   in
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert data from full fastq fastq to full data directory .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   dict
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  somebody connected elements from the __builtin__ .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the gitweb moment moments to compute the approximate log file .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes to a certain state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if the urls to be allowed via the list of urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  is   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   default
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the z-wave climate lights .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function erf(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  expand id into flowgram map .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  apply partial values in a dask never order .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  return   num

test:  expand the effort tarball .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that skips a test method .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test the predictions for a dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  calling   seconds
truth:  null   throughput

test:  query worker(s) .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  query   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs a prefix .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   update
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   python
truth:  are   models

test:  returns a list of strings .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return the uptime of the var1 status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   index
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pushes a bottle application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test using a pickle pickle function .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  using   eigenvalues
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the subject is loaded .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip error message .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that a bad est and unmodified dependencies of arbitrary results .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   accepts
truth:  test   test

test:  add user to default permissions .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   permissions
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets log handler for every requested event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  initialize on/off signal handler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  this filter is used to return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns fixed counts in fixed counts .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running gae is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  are   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calculate the harrell-davis statistic along the given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load key vectors in a list of tuples .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  create an executable file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random string of "b" .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  return the graph for an infinite fragment with the "principal" quantum tag .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   expansion
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  continuous function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  cleanup   value
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   a

test:  find nodes in the regex .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   in
truth:  using   null

test:  clear the cached info from the --help .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  given a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a row from a tuple to autoregressive index .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  convert   filename
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize an item separated by start a given letter type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a script command and return its output .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  execute   connection
truth:  code   code

test:  uses writes to read a terminal in the buffer to a list of superclasses .
truth: like write . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds a operations adding a keyword criterion to each campaign already used to the state of a list .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure that the filename exists and log files .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  extracts   filename
truth:  open   open

test:  helper to walk markdown config file to markdown .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   no
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  {'horizon context - we call os .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  compress   djangos
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for eventlet until predicate is true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  do   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  usage: the specified block block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  blocks   blocks
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup downloading to process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the node is from a tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   score
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists templates documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the path to a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return physical partition information from a named volume cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  report   report

test:  creates an iterable containing all existing children of sequences .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  creates   url
truth:  null   null

test:  adds public auth to resource context .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix escape sequence .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number of places according to the state provided .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly containers that available containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  run the specified state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  git   change
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a version of os .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  creates a function that returns the nth netmask given its unique netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a user-defined generator .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  provides a template name .
truth: render config template . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  config   config

test:  instantiate the given module class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return the results of a block of buckets .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  finds   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the message ready to test exceptions .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  if   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  tests to see if the product of a product matches the given value .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns primary option value for wire .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  tokens   null
truth:  build   build

test:  retrieve the permission object from the review board .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   lookup
truth:  function   function

test:  test the name of the monitor setting .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a code_or_name these are not between settings .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  retrieve currently selected article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the warning value of the current request .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  python implementation of python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply the data contained in a nice format .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  return the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute newton function of iis iterations .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  compute   cone
truth:  do   one

test:  determine whether a string is a valid type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new default header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return instances that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  a normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  display a remote version .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  require   format
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a word string of a word sql .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  constructs a function to create a sample with blockdevicedeployer .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the leakyrelu linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert python description of an image description like a python object .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  performs   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the inventory from a new host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current utc current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a babel to a specific pattern .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate ellipsoidal rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  transform   gaussian
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a list of files in the master requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add paths to paths and lists .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a query parameter .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the vm attach spec to the vm .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps iupac in function to add them to function .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  create a float representation of the given pfx .
truth: print returns . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that test code given .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  check   type
truth:  if   test

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split the url into url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  updates contacts .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shortcut for the modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  if   context
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a file to a filelinks: if it does not already exist .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  text   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for studio requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  mutual mutual score between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  adjusted   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get an object from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper for generate a configuration file for filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   version

test:  create new and potential potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  do   null

test:  use this to find sensor files for a field .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  use   matching
truth:  returns   a

test:  test eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  build a query request for the given alert .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  build   version
truth:  use   use

test:  compute integer exponent of p .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  square   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the bound of the determinant of a wishart the wishart of the identity attribute for the determinant of the wishart-distributed random variable .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  computes   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: scan-build builds files to html .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns list of interfaces and save them .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  list   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  for testing mode of squares .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and sha1 sha1 estimator .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   powers
truth:  compares   null

test:  the requirements_all name of this machine is very "$" bytes .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return a list of properties of all properties matching the specified datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  split host and port into list .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  host   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  sign elements of a list .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  remove   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget gui are fallback .
truth: gui test . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict representation of the specified vm key .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a rule between model objects .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   figure
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the action information for the the specified instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  log message to rest_sample .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  email   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the aliases class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return logging stream logging for production server .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  save   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  return tuple from a given group type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  array   null
truth:  get   get

test:  read a file separated by entry .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  read   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a path version of path that does not exist on the current directory .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace python dotted path to directory-like one .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  replace   no
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts samples by every tree dicts to identify an iterable of dicts after the first tree file .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  make   n

test:  fetch target names of python module .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user to the respective args: name : the name of the user to add to the users password : string to the users args: name of the users
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a string if the given string is a binary string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space or unicode characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an existing user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize an ec2 group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  attach   security
truth:  authorize   network

test:  for each tooltip .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  widget   tooltip
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort tasks of a list of pairs .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  sort   parameters
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the current date in a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  compute the geometric pinvh of the vectors .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  count   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   a
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: 'io add 'io to the build status .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   check
truth:  ip   ip

test:  returns a python object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  dump a temporary function with old directories .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dump   wrapper
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required a survey descriptor .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a function to properly be used with python 2 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   mean
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks for gitconfig nontrivial starting format before toplevel_dir .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  checks   data
truth:  return   return

test:  do cross product to ensure functions .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a formatted timezone of timezone in utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test finds the user_id_or_name for start .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  fill an array with empty values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  discard   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the directories .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  logs out user and redirects to public action .
truth: log out . 
test:  redirect   endpoint
truth:  log   log

test:  this media instance a media list on media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  decrement   get
truth:  index   index

test:  a simple constraint: .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  array   array

test:  is this the domain module .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given failedtoremovedatabase{ is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  check a list of 'showruninterface' commands and is installed .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   create
truth:  to   checks

test:  get the aws connection for weights .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  get   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print a helpful message .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   information

test:  formats' with entire config file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  undo   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that issues and lead issues should also let issues after wrapping way .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   matrix
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for objects to serialize json data from llpython .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a rackspace driver name for the given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return elements of sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  value   value

test:  do a range of active .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  do   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a list of environment objects for the specified package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   return
truth:  package   package

test:  check to see if a bad filter has a valid set of variables to see if the variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  does   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  return an password .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   color
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether power button can be created :return: a string or off if supported disk .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall an osx with commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   try
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a configure .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  adapted   configures
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns ipv6 addresses for given ipv6 .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url and response names at which a provided url returned from host:port and scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a list of all sdk classes to classes .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to generate a function for obj and return its supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  deprecated: for a given entity .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  null   layer
truth:  handle   handle

test:  look context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   in

test:  get the current database version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  get   version
truth:  return   version

test:  same as controlb .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   in
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   seconds
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call the callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying pythons clockwise constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  package all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  package   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   something

test:  return true if the user has been allowed .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return dataframe .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  dataframe   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure cookiecutter() with no_input=true .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  default   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  construct   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the disk config file name of the instance to match the generated instance .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if a list of blocks partitions are present in an existing file .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test text stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   custom
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  format a lhs string and return a tuple .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  compare   power
truth:  null   lhs

test:  test test for table data values .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  turns an array of data into a packed byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  turns   string
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the root exists in the document does nothing .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  ensure   formats
truth:  null   a

test:  helper method that returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber number .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  create   check
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a list of slice .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  add users group to an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  add   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the base url to another url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate at operation on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  compute   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  see if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  rewrite   try
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a properly formatted string of a single space .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the subsequent distance .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   eeg
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address of network packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if information can be unknown into an undefined-step metadata .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fill raw substitution value for the img1 is being useless by the abs .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  open a web .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  open   property
truth:  function   function

test:  change configuration modules if config is not supported .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  raises   build
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get complex elements from quarter xml element .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   probability
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a short from the md5 token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  do not start a activation cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  do   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  retrieves a single repo repo from a url and checks on any msgpack salt myminion salt-minion .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  process   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a list of test modules with names for all tests found in doctests .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  helper for :meth:write_entries .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  null   version
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new instance of a config_string by name .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns another type of the given expression containing t and closed t .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  return the mutual log of an array of points parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   provisions

test:  add http request to the http request .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  add   method
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a file info from a official official .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a dictionary of composite_key fields .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks term with qt .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   figure
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches all message objects written by the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  determine whether or not settings is a valid diffs .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  determine   parse
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the given string with base64 sencvec sencvec .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  broadcast a new archive name .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  exceeds exceeds from a user to display custom interfaces to main site .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  using   domains
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test a .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  return index of all definitions in an index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  signal   index
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  does this is a class that should have a class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  does   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  test that the content of standard line feature .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  test   pricing
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a new role object from the bucket data .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that the vlan interface is network .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  creates an sections file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  build   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create {'engine' xcontent translation file for node id .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  expand   versions
truth:  return   a

test:  import the frame is unimportable .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  create an rpm lookup from a previews .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   upload
truth:  build   build

test:  return the indices of the first element .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a 400 query response .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  adds more filter filters to the state of the watch state .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  ensure that we are on file system .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test a string value for an argument .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  generate   attempt
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parse an object from a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs from a list of logging .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  ensure that a given ['ntp is after the name of the objects that an object is set to true .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  matrix over the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  grabs   status
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new grayscale matrix .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the trimmed clusters to the changelog .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  helper method for unicode actions when creating an unicode python source has changed .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the tp must have a padding corner must be added to the __doc__ .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the qpixmap verbose model verbose name from a qpixmap .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  given a bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  given   error
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  test parsing users .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  test   value
truth:  if   self

test:  set lock date .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  show   wrapper
truth:  time   time

test:  parses a tzinfo .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email using confirmation email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of a pylab .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   details
truth:  show   show

test:  helper function to do not support the boolean line .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  function   tests
truth:  if   checks

test:  parent -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   in
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from a bipartite matrix given as a bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  shortcut for sqlite style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  header   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate one random length of size .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this test case of gpujoin .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   join
truth:  is   null

test:  extract any environment variables from xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  extract   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of files corresponding to the user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  given   node
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the date/time .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  gets   date

test:  get list of cpus to build metric definitions with .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace hash .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  ripple and [a_start .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  handle   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  save the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  save   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the root directory of a root .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  add last month to the daemon .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  format   shortcut
truth:  run   run

test:  like image .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   project
truth:  like   node

test:  render one of the user to be used .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  render   endpoint
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a command and execute its root .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a coroutine for hg .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  null   create
truth:  return   a

test:  an argument to base .
truth: like zip . 
test:  null   return
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  get the resource view name from a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human natural representation .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  create previous files from docker-compose .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  create   file
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  can the most recent groups for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the global layers for a layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  like any numpy .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when changing the same ftplib .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to return an array that isnt unicode friendly .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  get a new mouse metric by name .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  fill   value
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience wrapper for *keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the names matches the current reliable and name .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  files   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  load the training dataset containing kicking and return a dataset .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  in order to configure tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test whether doesnt test for roughly using sigma outputter .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  swap   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  convert an rpc-safe datetime to datetime .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  teardown directories .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  does   filesystem
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  helper function to retrieve the top images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  function   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a private key from a special data structure .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   list
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return status of http server cli example: .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  return   api
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate all registered weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  extend   update
truth:  keep   null

test:  never use xml links .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   sample
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse http response value .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  takes   formats
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  helper method to load the data from the given path should be written to load .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  for the given path .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on darwin .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: claim-build add or execute events .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   null

test:  return a float value in bytes .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare a chisquare function that computes the distance between the distance .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  finds   output
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of lxml org/ .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   desktop
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate the discrete text specifying a list of longs .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a new function that creates one of the optional functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a directory if filename points .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be running .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to require the current user list of services that the user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  place   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  copy the environment separated cache .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create a global ui object .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests if timer should be able to ensure that the right state cannot be used .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  fix   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  plots a dictionary of items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  pack a single binary string to a long specification .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  pack   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  dummy services can be called only .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  format   task
truth:  check   check

test:  create index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for comparison from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the "templates" invocation links .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   add
truth:  considering   null

test:  sends an shutil to the shutil .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  execute a single jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  do   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convenience function for http_date a single tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  return dataset cache for cache .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  files   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse networks and network parameters .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  updates the current editor configuration in which a value should startup .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  called   null

test:  simple training key with the url data to put the optional pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  put   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return dict of wide from group .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random # of sequences on a single line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that has a custom view .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  checks if the given file & cache are valid .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  open   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points with points .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract an rendered exit loops from the passed loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a logger to the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   matching
truth:  add   a

test:  iterate over the checker in the given tree in a .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a dictionary of its return .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   check
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  generate a foreign key from a datastore .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that a user is sent when .
truth: check acls . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability for all nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext with the beginning of an re .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   wrapper
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and returns a sequence of filter .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  do do "text" of vote fs .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  do   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a positive .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  default socket .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  format the name of the widget with a code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  for more logic .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate whether we can generate an instances for a given key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  creates an user connections .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  if   configuration
truth:  gets   null

test:  utility function to generate a list of quota usage dirty .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  function   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current server .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns the ldap [r]return values from around around filesystem .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  allocate allocate a pointer pointer to the given cls .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  helper for numsamples: will build a dataset using starcluster mode .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a polygon from a list of nodes .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  given one item name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield chunks of data from file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random string of length from source .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   reload

test:  if holiday is 1 to rg .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  check   iterator
truth:  return   shape

test:  submit the modules being invoked on the product .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  view   sudo
truth:  to   null

test:  sends an email .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a soap enveloped tree and returns a valid instance .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   copy
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure that the application is in reverse state .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   calls
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  register a new app in the api .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the list of dicts .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  returns tuple of seq elements .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  seq   number
truth:  count   count

test:  get source from coords distribution derivative of coords at coords .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  return true if the request is a request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   helper

test:  recursively turn all values in dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  iterate   user
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return the module version of sys .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   url
truth:  module   module

test:  return data to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  submit a profile for label members .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dumps and delete files .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  registers   call
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formats an expression with a given limit .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   get
truth:  return   a

test:  this function creates a link to the current user for a target user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  listen for the user events .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  create   example
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails generates the clang scan-build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   sloccount
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a named value from the dictionary .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks for python2 .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   mark
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets the new collections of a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  reverts   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the available **parameters**: platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   page
truth:  null   dummy

test:  import a python module given its path .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a current thread .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that are smoothing to be a method .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  open   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  system an incoming upload operation to be passed .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  confirm   list
truth:  log   history

test:  transform rgb values into hex string .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  change   a

test:  return the compiler version of a compiler extension .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  see pull an exception when compiled into a string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  exception   exception

test:  safely check if a array is loaded .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  scale   test
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  extracts key-value key-value pair .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  fake   course
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  safe_peekline the trees into a single file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns the number of even digits of the datatable .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select an object holding a tuple .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  given a path to the file from which to keep the operating state .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function to html prefixes .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   null

test:  unsecape string for use in a url .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  string   normalize
truth:  null   something

test:  takes a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt support the corresponding error .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  takes   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an event .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  linguistics -> string encodes a string of the diff and go articles .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contour the average and labels into the method of the # number .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  show   image

test:  quick view .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a string with a simple greeting .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test gpujoin .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  text for the paragraph of the given node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  there is no imports to unlock the threading method .
truth: internal function . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert all non objects domain object to a list of non .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to find a package if it doesnt already exist .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  find   a
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  store gradient of last modification area of a area .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  accepts   comparison
truth:  correct   correct

test:  load all the notebook resources from the notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  load   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make a logger from a package returns the name of the module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the admin model class for the given app .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  form   context
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  counting the modules config .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   use
truth:  sets   sets

test:  does the correct operation on the product .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given valid services id .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validate rate per company .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  moving   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  given   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  find hierarchy of two objects .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  open a path to a remote repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  open   permissions
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   calls
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for a user or just the provided one .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  returns true if path can be a file if it starts with a .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a list of widely into a comma-separated header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with elements permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  convert volume id to a closure .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for project_id .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  all active widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  is   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   searches
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  force braces so that it replaces braces before easy braces .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   use
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create the argparse line options .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  find   commandline
truth:  setup   argument

test:  check whether the string starts with argument .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  function   normalize
truth:  fake   fake

test:  look up the necessary account of a filename in the form name: mr .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the total sum of matrix .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  return   valueerror
truth:  signal   signal

test:  construct a sound code corresponding to the provided name .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  joins   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: resource resource plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <slack+plugin> .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator for fully session types .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns a path with one or more file path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string color into the native python .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the skype partition value for a user .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  the public word to be used in a url .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  converts   quote
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a directory of a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  log   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert key to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return intersection of the integers in bipartite graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  note: - provide topics of optional documents .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts calls to setup for training marketing_link access to the environment variables .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert a dictionary to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  if rows is used in rows .
truth: train model . 
test:  is   get
truth:  model   model

test:  remove a service referenced by its daemon registration .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fire a warning fire event loop .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  =   implementation
truth:  fire   fire

test:  a simple array for the given array of dimensions .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   init
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  converts arg into a list of arg .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  arg   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  get current global lexer object from given tokens .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  get   a
truth:  code   code

test:  common weighted from partial name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the only one table is not in the primary column names and the table doesnt want to the primary column .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  doing   swap
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the static file and return static info .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   model
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements that are not been removed from django .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   statements
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to make a task and used on an ssh state .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   message
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to return the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple view that returns the template to call another view .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: client - dictionary that is the specified method/test flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is an integer and optionally returns a list .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a organizations list from the given user .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file pathnames to the index sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  specified   null

test:  num_flows: overhead .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for allow easy to run sys .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates and return a name .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the coordinates of a qpointf object .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  mail   format
truth:  null   null

test:  for image objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  force   basestring
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to be a usable object .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   response
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return list of all requirement files in tests .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  list   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  a helper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  view   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  test if a and b are equal .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  note   in

test:  construct an object of a kind or a data object .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  adapt   data

test:  contributors any inspects .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  stats   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the pyopenssls file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract the given syntax from alias .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  match   match

test:  upload the directory to the privkey .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  -   -

test:  test report report when the target input .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  compute   testing
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   part
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure when overriding is enabled .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  batch   get
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to get a function to know if a backend backend is enabled .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard for a specific request .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & for one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  adds an existing stable order to the list of unique stable setting .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the given fault to safe database .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two 2-dimensional arrays from v2 array of points .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   decode
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a 'alreadyhave%s' libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  ensures   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  half the half of a quadratic column on a viewable_if_private column .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  null   piecewise
truth:  null   permutations

test:  we get data from 2 weeks ago and formats data .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  config   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  compute coefficient matrix .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  flattens   returns
truth:  produce   a

test:  split a drilldown aggregate into a list of functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge records from the master jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  destroy   records
truth:  called   in

test:  create a copy of the decorated instdict node .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return a list of all activities from all activities the given user and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the following: - converts newlines to a single line - converts newlines before and trailing whitespace characters .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a globally extension from a roidb extension .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  require   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  prefixes -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process pid : pid of the process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  calls   status
truth:  register   a

test:  gets the event for a transaction .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if the official item is the accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for a course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts http request to ip_nonlocal_bind .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  finds the maximum number of classes .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the given repo and return a tuple .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if a modules is valid .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage publish scoverage to your builds on demand .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   broadcast
truth:  null   null

test:  return the content of a file .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a normalized list for us arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve appropriate usage usage associated with a given user and an appropriate value .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  retrieve   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns the variables of oslo variables within abc .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  initialize recording .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  initialize   configures
truth:  start   recording

test:  parses published count .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  parses   delete
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user with appropriate permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new private keypair key size .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum coefficient for each non-singleton 4 rounded model .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  choose a string from a list of pairs .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image support are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  load a list of all command line numbers from a specified file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  prints   check
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new draft as an sending draft .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  adds the static statements in a policy policy so that their statements satisfying policy string to the clause clause domain policies .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is a valid dict .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a set of resource output to a "long" output .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  return revisions -- gets the status of a list of caffe .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   null

test:  determine whether we can be used from a numpy casting .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  null   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to scan the root network .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  toggle directories of a directory on disk .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  null   version
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  ways a file using url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   url
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a signal signal map for target .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a new user and run a given ip on ssh server .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  get   cleanup
truth:  command   command

test:  determine the memory of the first kind .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   key
truth:  return   return

test:  a unicode name .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a metadef attributes on a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert execution of dask bytes with identical bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group fields by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the list of all colors that are currently buffered .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the vowel available on a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  finds   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the checksum of the two functions .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all versions of the given record paths path .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for enter .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  null   =
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing hash function .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  preload   value
truth:  default   default

test:  get the linting automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  string   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  take resolver associated with url and return the data as specified by sqlalchemy .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper method to interpret html attributes .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure a named user is absent name the name of the postgresql to remove file to remove .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot vc for image using vc <bokeh .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   =
truth:  load   load

test:  get a list of attributes for given method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  import the first version of a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   return
truth:  import   a

test:  generator for interactive computation .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   numbers
truth:  return   return

test:  list web command line interface .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   expr
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a validator that contains invalid validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  has   null

test:  converts an event object to the messages list by extensions .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   section
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an error to each channel .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   equivalent
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  command   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  returns the shape of a function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  compute discrete features for regression problem this should be discrete when the regression has discrete features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the name of the cpu cpu cpu cpu cpu field .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses input string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch creds for a google api object .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  make the global_config .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  unregister   equality
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get cert to a cert to an root server .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary directory to a file .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  filter urls starting with the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  download   download

test:  convert a segment of a list of events to a list of events .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert criteria confirmation field to a dict .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generates an iterator of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  receive a dataframe with the given frames or a dataframe .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a string to a python dict .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in one of the path .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all tool shed changeset files for the repository defined by the received name and owner cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary of enabled entries cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the given cluster is in low-level mode .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a extension string specified by an extension .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the x .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   plotting
truth:  base   base

test:  read the first socket n bytes from the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all visible tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  calls flask but with actual threads out threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  end   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a wcs spaced length .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  dimension   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy source_path to that do not exist .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert string argument into position .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  url   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  make sure that starting with minion .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  make   output
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   a
truth:  show   system

test:  link to a commit link in tab .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  make   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  context   delete
truth:  null   a

test:  create a entry-point which is valid to the given graph with the given path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  create   null
truth:  check   check

test:  read data from src file .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  play   update
truth:  update   update

test:  upload assignment specific .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a module to the rest module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  wrapper for accessing a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   periods
truth:  function   function

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value for the current request .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all hosts for this process cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a json tree of the given parent tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap the subprocess .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reset the username for a session by csrf updates the user when creating a session is run .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  if   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  organisation rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  turning   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the airy function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to the current model .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   try
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the scaled size of a step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator for functions that returns a list of strings .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a template into a form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  rendering   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reload the c{old} version that should be supported .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  raise   unpack
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns the key for a memcache key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the post module names .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available module resources cli example: .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct original script from a script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this function is a single file .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to end and end non-space for a specific set or perhaps .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  perform   parameters
truth:  splits   x

test:  get individual *dt_val* timestamp from bytes? .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a mtips\n .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new helps .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  create a proxy for a model to be saved .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  use   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  add a new entry to the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  context manager that ignores extra from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  null   path
truth:  null   null

test:  pass in a url to the given code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  setup resource environment to the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  loads and returns a dict of any type .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  fatemans gcd of a linear vector .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for google functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  utility function that converts a function name to a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  function   a
truth:  match   match

test:  allow platform stats to track the current .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  unpack   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test eeg of evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  code   bandwidth
truth:  test   test

test:  return list of tuples representing tb tb and other tb .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   symbols
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: claim-build execute a single project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  a commented file with the like the settings .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  safely load the module if required .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  query   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  the leading monomial module is a labeled polynomial .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a host and host to the configured server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  creates   arguments
truth:  create   new

test:  imports and returns sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  detect   add
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that also verifies no values share the key .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   list
truth:  verify   user

test:  task for displaying views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for getting .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  given   a

test:  is this a deprecated graph at pydot 'pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  is   null
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to generate event loop .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  function   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  number of entity things that correspond to .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from the module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  load a hierarchy of linking {}default should take the provided module .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get current controller .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  using   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse position start at position start in data starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  iterate   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string with no more than n elements .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value like selinux into a string representation .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any explicit more import names to ensure that no import names are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function for relative to a file using a given filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  function   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   axis
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  a random_state wrapper around sparse matrix with k {{0 .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  null   one
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   predicate
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the vm .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  determine whether this is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  determine   python
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console size of a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   power
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return input arguments .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  input   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a list of vm types for the given service types .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the location of an existing list of ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  url   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last access of a qtransform error message .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test magic function is called .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current encoding for the given encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  estimate current database .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  expr   command
truth:  use   in

test:  returns the psutil setting for given type .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  serialization cpaste code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  form   null
truth:  code   code

test:  helper function for getting blocks to append to the template context .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the url for the given .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  temporarily delete a fragment on a sequence of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   use
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  takes place from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the last comments formatted according to the comment comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  swap raw event loop to be a no-op .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  if   null

test:  configuration once .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  train   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   add
truth:  return   return

test:  run an image .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   replaces
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is used to list .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also except that is *not* also have the returned between 0 and that is selected on api .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  extract id from asfortranarray bits .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  extract   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  compute the pipe of the segments of each segments .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set one or more default files to all page .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  set   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function that creates and returns the object to be used as json .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   get
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a value to a condition or an array of values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return the matrix-vector parameter returns the current theano .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the user of the current user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  safely process an integer .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is this movie handler .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  execute sphinx 'open"%s"' target .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  make sure that a tree is subclass of greatest objects .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a version of the secret signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse the rar date/time of an in-process file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  flags   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the cost functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a no-op function for derivative .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  return a random chunk of an entity token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  searches   get
truth:  return   return

test:  trim reference to the reference .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  return   return

test:  do the latest version of the feature .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  do   format
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   return
truth:  import   a

test:  return the python file object .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by the given locale for the specified locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  user edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that the marathon aux function is used in the {check: fashion .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall status cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a validator that bucket_name returns true .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a detailed translation files which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   iterable
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  returns a csf key for tabs .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test reading an unnamed unnamed unnamed unnamed should work with a relative unnamed disabling .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  wrapper for pam .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that require a pairs to do a view .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  update an rpm package .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of member names from the nameservers .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and d2 .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the reciprocal of an input array .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize only the mappers with the given name .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set current stream from tsv .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   json
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  helper for callable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return whether a files we can return if the db code .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  the entire variance function for y .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  calculate   generic
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict representation of a user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet %} in the given criteria .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns optimal optimal widget widget widget .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register identify_table() to be called via overhangs .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   widget
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated strings .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps values to statas numpy dtype .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   a
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  validate source source .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  source   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  define the logging module below the mozilla .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  define   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  for each item in the list cache with the same name .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns evaluation of fgraph to be used by fgraph the variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred environment used for testing .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  invalidates the local root directory .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback message to the feedback email and the status has completed .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status the local peers mode .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a list of random gaussian listening (a .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a 2d numpy array of image force : array-like returns true .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial proxy for the instance .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a dictionary of messages that the user can covert to the process .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  join   a
truth:  is   null

test:  problem user has disallow to the given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a 2d numpy labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a musicbrainz runtime-editable .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  rate   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all tests from the given directory .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default default type for a given future .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  url   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  provide two order representing the event listener .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around user based on default .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authorizes   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections for a loop into a table .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   add

test:  turns a python string into a list of bytes .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  a valid resolve version of the given path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  this function is only used with a dictionary of attachments mail -> verbosity .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a url for the specified image .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require an entry from a git repository and returns a dictionary .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  require   changes
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the dyndns replace on the specified zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return the latest value for the rules that contains all logging or none .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  scatter serializer for objects .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of regions for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a unique name for a service .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   patch
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform the gaussian m step function .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  solve   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  helper to run a given preflight via switch .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read a .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  test if this module is available for remote packages .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is a bug using a .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   search
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view page .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability for the specified vm .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  generate history of specified amount of paragraphs with paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  form   function
truth:  function   function

test:  render a single field from the site_query data .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  is   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  converts a ctypes object into a plain format .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given javascript message was logged in javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return list of files in memory length .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  update a module to the short image .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find the next item in a list of numbers .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  running   running

test:  calculate the cache file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  context   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  forget a specific implementation from the database .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  update   a
truth:  module   module

test:  determine whether or not an embed known known known is installed .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  determine   set
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt an numpy options to choose a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration version this method is done for a given path .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if components passed to the given urls matches the requirements of details .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  copies an iterable of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   change
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  ensure that error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  setting   get
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this function returns a sequence with elements of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a list of configuration definitions for this user .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   query
truth:  generate   generate

test:  restful crud session and timeout for a certain session .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  using   registry

test:  format an user records .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  format   get
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to create a store_fs where pootle_path and store its store_fs for the file specified .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find attribute of an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grab the output with lower entries from a 2d filter case .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   =
truth:  null   spline

test:  make a list flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  builds a list of history items from a queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str set to the python garbage python modules files
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the gpu gpu condition correctly accept monitored .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status code cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  show   show

test:  return the text version used as a string that can be used as a known temporary version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a decorator into a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  does the absolute path components into a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  does   remove
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  replace a string .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return a number of album object and took to show .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function to format and fragment after stellar .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all available projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a filter object .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  return   python
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a process instance of its descendants .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  start a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize version of os .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator to support a test only connect to mysql session .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: scm poll a build for urls .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  your function .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  displays   toggle
truth:  point   point

test:  change key for key .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  slice   columns

test:  takes a size .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of existing projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a given path with the cache .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  function   version
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for marking tests using failures we dont crash as strings .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  if root is list-like .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  build   null
truth:  supply   null

test:  return the same b as a -= b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sets all directly to given filename and mode .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  set   search
truth:  call   call

test:  retrieve a text from the intersections .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect osx with conforms to hash strings .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  form   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  reset the old refs from a stream .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  find   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template context with the given params and populates the replacements arguments .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper function that also generate a new list of index definitions .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  null   array
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a single output .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  download   wrapper
truth:  query   a

test:  parse http http header which parsing the user header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   capture
truth:  parse   parse

test:  clear the numpy array of the input array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  optimized   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  update rows and update a new party block .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  null   update
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  update the tagging with some measurement of the given header .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  is   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  do html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  do   null
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  list all registered urls .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  send a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  checks whether a object is a scalar-like .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   test

test:  compute the newaxis]return of the probability density function .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all special characters or special characters found in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  tries to convert an ascii string to utf-8 .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to the output which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  returns a tuple containing respect to the current setting .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  replaces   up
truth:  read   head

test:  convert a python object into a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  take   value
truth:  to   null

test:  transform n zeros of order .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  transform   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  return the system with the number of seconds since the most recent seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  null   fits
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to do that the request resolves .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  a whitelist should grab colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   one
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test x .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple containing the major version from version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns html representation of all xblock words .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option with a none .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the status for the given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a mask to a 'real' .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if path passed to link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  spectral spectral integer lengths .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an pickling .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  unconditionally skip a test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  is   array
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the given .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   django
truth:  start   start

test:  return the largest url for the current request titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  noise   plot
truth:  get   a

test:  loads the driver loads the context dict .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   image

test:  convert between strings to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns whether the named and split is installed in the system .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  select   a

test:  find a subset of files with any given filename .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  find   configuration
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a dict with the provided values .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the match matches the key prototype for a dictionary of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  find   return
truth:  search   a

test:  filter out the number of zip zip files .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compresses   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  collect packages at a specific module will be used when the firewall path .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  get grouped raw data from a dictionary .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  encrypt   a
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for a given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  this function takes a user and returns the authentication value for the specified user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the information returned by a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for installed python version in the given version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   test

test:  a kargs way to return a string for local key .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  context manager that sets context variables .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  context   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill xtol algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   bson
truth:  minimize   a

test:  set bundle off a bundle kick to bundle .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  controls   controls

test:  open a provided hook for certain option and keyword arguments .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  open   key
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an iterable of activity ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a user api handler that returns the root api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati differential equations differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   function
truth:  null   null

test:  use the output to retrieve the output from output brief pexpect name to retrieve the output of show ip int brief the different ip int .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install system version from opengl cli example: .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  installing   enable
truth:  require   null

test:  return the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  multiplies two matrices by a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  count   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  check for a given [storage index file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  check   configuration
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires queries in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a string corresponding to the delta map .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add enabled volume id to the volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  add   get
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  align a list of arrays to a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  null   list
truth:  transforms   a

test:  returns the first occurence of the given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  traverse   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  convenience function for creating a new computenode and populates the most recent fields with the most recent fields .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a brew name brew all files for logging with the given in a directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that the opening value is readable .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  marks   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country calling code for a non-geographical country calling code for a non-geographical type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  url -  .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp path to a pid device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  remove lines from the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  remove   logs
truth:  null   a

test:  simple headers for genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the integer representation of an ip address to an ip address .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  url hidden 8601 necessary according to utc config .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  this function finds the information from a set-like .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  function   setup
truth:  report   report

test:  registers the potentially unsafe .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: pluginelement this plugin allows you to add downstream on build process .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the string starting with # of the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test for resetting a .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts a path to its path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the user to remove_tag_async on q .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   add
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python position .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  show map of a step type .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  commit   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  filter too project for target followers .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  depth   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add optical fill_value .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  function to return a namedtuple object containing key-value output from namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  function   format
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response 200 event was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run a sql query and return its parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  using   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy file from the python module to build new data structure .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  persist   parser

test:  sort for topic oauth key .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   implementation
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that the attribute at the whitelist and making sure that the list has been removed first .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   images
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring datastore calls .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   form
truth:  get   a

test:  runs shell command .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  runs   get
truth:  open   svg

test:  this generator provides a generator of parsed chunks from a file-like object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  a safe line and offset from a offset .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  lock   lock

test:  attempts to handle the missing class with a given program .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  flush out a pem certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  given the accepted source code .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  given   a
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  raft the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- shows the user .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  loved   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for efficient .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  m   m

test:  checks if a user can run against .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for api methods .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over all python files .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   os
truth:  iterate   null

test:  have the logger with specific config item .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  configure   configuration
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a string suitable for use in a version of a .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  mask hash for round-tripping .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  mask   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate children] .
truth: validate children . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  validate   children

test:  run running pyinstaller process if necessary .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  point   distutils
truth:  create   create

test:  return path to the filename of given file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster raster raster raster png imports .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a specific violations report report to hold violations violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  reports   resources
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  dummy function which just raises an strings .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   parses
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper to get a suitable for testing .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resize the image from a given image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a generator that iterates over the chunks .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  python cookiecutter cookiecutter :math:varphi(x) = albuminfo .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  null   memory

test:  load a list of events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns an instance of a mongodb client object .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend for a given uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse iqn to update extensions based on dns .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  count   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add view to a request access to given format .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  add   use
truth:  log   log

test:  looks for options in markdown mode .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the given database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   display
truth:  create   database

test:  make a specific version of the current python version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  list   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  compute the euclidean robust measure of *x* .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is a valid varint type .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  removes all documentation and stores in the user examples .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  removes   use
truth:  annotate   a

test:  do not have been selected summary of an instance .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  do   add
truth:  add   in

test:  plaintext data: characters .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  usesvd excluded from a given column .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes the correlation matrix for xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add a notebook to the notebook cell cell html cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns model object for permission and sanity checks for permission and stored settings .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  model   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates a random aes key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  base   replaces
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is a *very* method used to mark a callable as being created on hours .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  is   stop
truth:  sets   sets

test:  insert the directory to the list @todo: if 1) doesnt already exist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the current container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   container

test:  decorator for skipping two numbers .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether the path is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show a tree to a specified author .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for left nat .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this page is a wrapper function that with the addition and flash .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  is   downloads
truth:  generates   null

test:  construct a leading attribute string from a value that is returned to an attribute dictionary .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  split a path by name into a list of files or a single path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  split   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add list .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a dict containing all fields for the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  forbidden names of all errors .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  transpose of rgb values .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   os
truth:  return   rgb

test:  like local switch .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  like   run
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up packages or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  return the rsa integer value in the rsa number .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  attempts to parse the content of a url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper function to return true if a and y are known .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify calling __new__ on old-style classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node from the rest of the values .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the contents of a long file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  check whether a python device is in the associated state .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  test   check
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access to the blocks of all of the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register our definitions .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  check if the question cache is available .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  mark   configuration
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a callback for the given logger .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   reference
truth:  registers   a

test:  test whether we are disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a url to a search_service_pb url string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   encodes
truth:  query   query

test:  return gating milestone associated with prerequisite usage information .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  mark   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  for image backends - is not required for gui backends - show() is to be the last line of your script and enter the backend that it is time to
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the encoding for the given encoding and encoding .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none if an exception is given as a python exceptions .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  default   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read metamorph tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  get a list of tuples of an existing field .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  get   x
truth:  need   need

test:  render requests .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   view
truth:  render   a

test:  run and return the common uid after the current user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  smooth   null

test:  insert a new queries :raises: by a query .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   sys
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a path already exists but not already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  reject   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  return a string representing a valid boolean value or partitions .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate a platform-agnostic sensible [1]_ + variance + .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   reports
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load every namespaces namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local plugins get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to rename a source directory .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  source   source

test:  hyperbolic '%f' .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  find the version number .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  find   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request to the path if its not found .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  request   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where empty field were empty strings .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a query string to html .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   instances
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that list1 types are non-empty .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   assertionerror
truth:  check   check

test:  return a python object for a python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the details associated with a vm .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert nats to python 2 .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  makes   behave
truth:  convert   convert

test:  number of ascii bits .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of requests to a dictionary .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a sibling file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  do not allow any of the lexers set to collect objects .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  do   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return prototype of integers between 0 and n-1 .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a context manager that expects a repository version should be facilitates within the specified repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  null   update
truth:  context   context

test:  goes for os .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  patch   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience method to store a next api endpoint .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  adds a profiler to the interrupt when db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of metadata of the current collection metadata .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  command   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  simple inode node information for this node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  null   information
truth:  return   a

test:  revoke an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  mark mobile-compatible apps as compatible on windows .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  take   task
truth:  build   html

test:  takes a list of interval to a goal date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  converts   periods
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle tarball handler for bits .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  turns a sequence of bytes into a matlab-style .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compile default compiler of define directories .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  default   clone
truth:  null   inject

test:  cms setting of currently active setting .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the list of regions in the same country calling regions .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a python libcloud file object for running plain version .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   profiling
truth:  function   function

test:  list the a url its a monitor api .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  list   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare interfaces interfaces of all interfaces implemented by instances .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return list of installed packages cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  helper method to find a list of dicts for a given target .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  fake distutils .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  split a string into unicode objects .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the python private exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  gets   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  do when a new set of model is selected by somecustomparsername .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  model   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a bokeh header content content into a dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary for pairs the pairs in a list of pairs .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given src .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get an http server or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for a time series of order n .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the current context .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  context   null
truth:  look   in

test:  build a list of row and lists of all data .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  language: loads strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the :py:func:to_lines() linear regression problem .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  default python source string using unicode .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if index contains at storage and flag .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to format an appropriate lazy key .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  request   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast string to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  basestring   base64
truth:  if   null

test:  prompt() for setting a specific 1^ .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  search the host string .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  this is called after the quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   os
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any invalid characters found in history .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  string   string

test:  rename a file path for a place .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require an allowed_sorts .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  runs some fileupload summary domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a response data into a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn docs for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  prepare   generator
truth:  changes   changes

test:  make a function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  stacks   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  return the goodness statistic at x along the variance space .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  echo functions from a suffix to a function .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  test file_recv with a random chars for a measurement image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  assert   transforms
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  check   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse out the namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if its url belongs to urllib .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if installed failed volume is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for sys .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   path
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of markdown extensions from markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the requested layer directory .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  called   try
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a simple view that expects a given template into the context of the given template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  add average variable using the step bandwidth to the tools .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  add   sqlalchemy
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates a hash for __init__ file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  execute   null

test:  determines if a media user has permission to .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an serialisation test tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  returns a list of entry from the database list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  given   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  project instances of a 2-tuple with data .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   io
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parses the stack in the shell directory tree .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  this function is for importing and generates a standard output state .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  algorithm   packages
truth:  run   run

test:  creates a save entry for applying a node using the most recent id .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the given child node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  compute pooling using cudnn from nvidia or pooling over the edges .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  computes   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  determine whether the current locations for visible on an visible frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns synonyms status file path .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  construct an instance of the flattened headers for a given list- .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  traverse   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new user .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   nodes
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  show the default env .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  indicate   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  similar to waits .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  set   set

test:  split a path into an array of components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read a workaround .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  for each time to ensure that the patch is wordpress .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  null   matplotlib
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  split   a

test:  virtual a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  add   a

test:  recursively copy a list of size-string to an existing device .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a matplotlib name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop the docker container across a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  run   run
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a simple wildcard model for the given target .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  model   model

test:  store a large large data from the given cache and returns the data .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetches   show
truth:  download   download

test:  checking users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  url   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns code combinations of code combinations .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   value
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with the stripped lines from the file in which are not run .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   line
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a new container from a set of commits .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns lines of source space .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  normalize the value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  normalize   array
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  accepts a template .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  generate a unique domain name for record .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no website website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement the arguments at the given function .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  call   call

test:  tests for scikit-learn apibuilder args by the table args .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test for issue rar3 .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  erroneous implements the elemwise{ of 2 .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a symbol of whether or not to set a symbol is a fixed symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  true if input is an instance .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  if   return
truth:  match   a

test:  this is a final ip version of or not .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   sqlalchemy
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  execute command with orv .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  converts a pil image to a _color_ image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the url .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure the elements of a callable .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  replace   log
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller @todo: why unless new version of an existing modulestore definitions .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is return true .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the matrix x should be in x .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a string representing text for byte string .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new copy" style names from imported .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  adds one or all ssl certificate messages from a site configuration .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  adds   custom
truth:  add   custom

test:  inverse of escape .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  unescape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge dicts into a new instance of *dicts dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  helper function to determine if the mysql source is not see if it is configured .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide a file length of a number .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points resources are parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a parameters object in the db given the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create an image from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse the given category .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sorts   list
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a raw entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reduce items into 3 changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  redirect   version
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   null
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs a ptr formatted connection pool for the given config_string and returns a next scope .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  constructs   service
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to the google credentials and the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  authenticate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets a rate limit to the deprecated api limit .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  sets   normalize
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  split the number of tmux names .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  split   link
truth:  return   return

test:  place an exception on migration control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  compares all languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  polygon   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attributes value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a video html .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  get all groups belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  helper function to get the group flags for the group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a mock deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  if given attribute is jinja in the jinja template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the grant url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse /etc/default/networking template variables to determine if lines is in db of the dict .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates a new service .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the zoneminder _make_increasing_ohlc() .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   nova
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to test globals class with an snapshots of tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption of lang data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the fill dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  analyze   a

test:  step upgrade function for a bunch of a particular module .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  step   step
truth:  used   null

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a gem removed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uninstall an lg from a local python checkout .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces assert will be three letter .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the pid of the process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic output with nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for testing .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a matrix object to tuples .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform the generator param directory to an array that was not used via sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  decorator to ensure that its members are applicable only one of the backend specified in the path .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   backend
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that chaining nullable setting correctly handles a variety of values .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  using   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  run usage information .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that its directly to create a file that is directly .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  turns   config
truth:  open   temporary

test:  return an object from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  return   version
truth:  load   a

test:  converts a tree to a string or string .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  a wrapper for pdp .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses an option and creates a list of command names .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  parses   options
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  helper function to build the configuration .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   new
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the name of this item is in the given table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function to execute a function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  create a single file with lines from a string of text lines .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  read   a

test:  provides a root configured for the site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  provides   in
truth:  help   help

test:  creates a zmq version .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return the object representation of a path .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot a single image of the list .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   median
truth:  plots   day

test:  helper to validate that a new cmd against an even .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  utility function to check if two strings are identical .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  return the flat value of the order .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  finds   x
truth:  compute   norm

test:  in order to find a resource from the none .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   dataset
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  default   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function to find markdown dict with markdown code .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  function   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a order order order differential equation with separable coefficients using separable coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns errors from elementtree tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  logs   parses
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a sdk taking request .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  ensure that the courseware associated with a course_key as well as not have been marked as cleaned up .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  grow   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  convenience function to get functionality .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  function   module
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  takes a string .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the autoescaping operator .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  check   links
truth:  split   operator

test:  new add form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  do a boolean value over an instance of a given number .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the path for default paths are the given path .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  verify   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string and right attribute strings .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  function   get
truth:  if   check

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  counts   master
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific unabletoresolvetenantid'}tenant cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  public activation function .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   gradient

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  construct links to use in platform to transform links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete reparam with variables where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where 1 and setting where where where where where where where where
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   tables
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   create
truth:  place   place

test:  collect all installed files of tcl then we need to get seeing for tcl .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test the column filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  computes md5 hash of string s .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  gets the calendar blob from the current snippet .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  fetches   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the tuple of a and q .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  used by an s3 deployment - used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  used   functions
truth:  return   a

test:  installs a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  adapted from a function .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  unless unless a tensor is directly .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  inject the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a admin password fs is a root of the filesystem into which to inject the base password file .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain a device device objects .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  read   in

test:  return the appropriate plugin numpys to be registered .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  return   load
truth:  set   set

test:  this compiles on windows .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  create   load
truth:  load   load

test:  will copy the valid snapshots of one app to a given volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  close or get a window for the window .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  control   get
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrapper for for_range_slice() .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  sympy   elements
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sailthru a new user by sending sailthru .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  load the database and return a list of statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  load   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the pdf multivariate unit function given an cholesky cholesky decomposition .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  calculates   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  retrieve the .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function to add a dict to an existing dict .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  returns   var
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an season folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  utility function to format the name it behaves with authorization info .
truth: if present . 
test:  remove   os
truth:  present   null

test:  return a free domain name for this given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  request a newly directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  f polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list all groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   expression
truth:  list   list

test:  extract a dataset from a op into the data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of seqs in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  this function parses an event class from the dictionary that has a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  square   helper
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get a document for available discussion art .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  creates a memory on its text .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return a users document with other users .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  return   documents
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  creates a getter property with a cascading property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an nosuchprocess header by removing the user .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful handler for json response .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   json

test:  return the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  decorator: dispatch a single .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to generate *value* of tensorflow sparse sparse .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  in salt myminion name sigma2 .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   return
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates and saves a file .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  do function/method .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the elemwise along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrap arguments exactly just a function if theyre is true .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   tags
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to get a new database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the model completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   model
truth:  initialize   null

test:  turns a list of dictionaries into pairs of zdt3 .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  turns   converts
truth:  split   a

test:  this method gets called when the current process has been changed .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   state

test:  create an varying or inverse of the following: .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  create   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  finds tasks to the gdal names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  run a python subprocess to start and run a subprocess instance .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  run   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  build out the given audio language .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  pass   get
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a polynomial from a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  ignore   replacement
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will be called from another process when building the function in this function .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  destroy   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse action and set a buffer .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  parse   action
truth:  set   state

test:  find the minimum of the tree with included node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  displays the pagination of a particular user .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   generate
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a number to precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  round   a

test:  is this a decorator for kms_key_ids .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  caching   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   new
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  count occurrences of pattern in each string of the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  count   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a response file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install the virtual env requirements .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   python
truth:  install   install

test:  return the number of bytes that are subsets .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  null   x
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  extracts the directories for each directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   discover
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  return a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  test   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  mark a blob as used by the given bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  used   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task to the queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  final improvement of two arrays .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from a filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with subunit steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the points from the pixel list table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  joined   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  construct a string or object .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  update an element with provided name .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  update   update
truth:  creates   null

test:  checks if the given path matches the given pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   add
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sends an api .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  sends   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  basic comment_posted comment_posted type to be created .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  register a single bundle function .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  register   config
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test that creation of invalid datetime .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   legend
truth:  test   date

test:  check whether flavors is in the response header and return values .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a dict of parameters for a specified field .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend for when event is modified .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the vfs callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  parse   manager
truth:  translate   translate

test:  helper function for checking for thunk .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   add
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  do a url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  creates   attempts
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  finds   model
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns a context variable with course_key as n*log(k) and strange ids .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of normalized data .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  adds   truncate
truth:  create   a

test:  is main handler for variance .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  is   nginx
truth:  null   handlers

test:  try to return whether socket is supported on this system .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   metadata
truth:  bench   bench

test:  validate the user provided host and arguments: hosts -- replacement for the user .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  validate   parses
truth:  get   a

test:  list grade registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  internal helper function to flag to determine the flag object .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  count the number of count for a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   count
truth:  calculates   null

test:  version of backends/images .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   current

test:  identity fnc .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  return   return

test:  show the tandem field .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   handle
truth:  return   info

test:  replaces id with bad characters in bad .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  converted to the initialization with the specified timeout .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  to   discover
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a dict of password matches the pbkdf2 hash algorithm with salt specified .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   everything
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a number of seconds since the duration of the number of microseconds since the purchase .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   virtual
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a list of server remote view in the current site .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  wrapper function to try to convert text to binary format .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  helper method to return metaclass .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over a subset of dicts .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses for an ipv6 address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return path to a disk image .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  converts triangulated system to 3d arrays .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  transform   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the authentication table from the request .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  returns   swap
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a class with this name .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse a usage file and normalize it .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  parse   analyze
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   file
truth:  file   file

test:  helper function to read bem for each feature subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  compress the entire files .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  compress   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns a list of tuples in the request domains an additional domains that are available in the domainname domain name of the domainname domains returns a multi-part string domains if
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct an object to a partial array .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  create a class that subclasses of type together .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  like   declaration
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  for matplotlib compatibility; use matplotlib .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  return the basic path between two nodes with one specified .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  return   mapping
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  virtual context variants to the page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  installs   error
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into flavor instance .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  function   a
truth:  save   properties

test:  helper function for the reduced tp .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the command history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   images
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert a base16 string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on openbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to convert a string to a python byte order .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  standard stdlib of the dataset .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  to   x
truth:  if   null

test:  stop everything .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   shortcut
truth:  stops   current

test:  return a period for a period of theanovariables .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax can show a feature via missing scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  get the schemes header .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  order   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  try to return the path in its language list .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a synonym to compute the matrices identity attribute .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   numpy
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  makes a histogram subclass for image labels .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  makes   pack
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create a nested layer function takes one layer as a nested layer .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  create   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  yield code information .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   run
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  like print_exc() but returns a list of git-rm(1)_ pairs .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  like   like
truth:  format   a

test:  upload the image to show excluded files .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  register   null
truth:  upload   upload

test:  wrapper to login to the local site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the given switch on the current thread .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the computer matches the given component .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a status message info .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   a

test:  return the first language of a text string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  tests the distutils .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  tests   github
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from editable from vcs from vcs or absence .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  clean   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  create a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the given expression to build a string of alignment bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   images
truth:  extract   null

test:  function to check if the given datetime object has been moved into the last month of the time .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  if   user
truth:  given   a

test:  validate attributes configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   commands
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree pattern which will match first image names .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   compute
truth:  accepts   a

test:  clean up resoruces .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  compute partial zeros of p .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  compute   core
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the value of the series header and return as a value .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   url
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on docker docker node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the given vector on a .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  make   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns a one of the many groups .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of iam cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  calls path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  check user is invoked by ajax .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  returns a dictionary with all values of the given collection .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  restore   references

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   variable
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks to see if the current implementation needs to be used .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  open   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if s is a tuple of channels .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  configure the logging logging logging for all the main logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  associate   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  gets the name of a metadata type .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  gets   stream
truth:  name   name

test:  convert a source listings to a course .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that screenshot information .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  initializes the unix stub object .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  get the number of leading and matches .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  calculates the internal graph generated by the current graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  prints   parameters
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a demonstration instruction to not use the same format .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  return a string representing the specified image processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inject file into one directory .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  file   method
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the modules .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  deserialize   stderr
truth:  error   error

test:  broadcast a given :func:dumps query query query query and return a dict with information about the request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  take a slice expression and a slice representing a slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  restful crud controller - needed for dynamic popup .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a string resources .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm size from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from a file .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test un-called for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a json resource to administer driver .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  construct   jt
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list of the application state passed in a particular resource .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  set setting channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  click   language
truth:  select   null

test:  this logs out the user and end of a cookie .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a number .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  string containing a single utc representation of the datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the clear cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  serve python summary of an html matrix .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  debugging   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  call x x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk block of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts a function in f if they exist .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test if an input is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   numpy

test:  wrap a function to be called via timer .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for rising .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write the string source to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  process mathjax summary line from a script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a version .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a list of events into a provided time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  delete data to delete instance to delete all modifications to link .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  link   link
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generate random slices of a symbol .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  callback for fn .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  point   a
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that saves a buffer to the current deployment object .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  used   null

test:  find the default group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  find   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  iterate over objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the given index from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  patches   homepage
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string in the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the environment for each app .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the url for the given section .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the public users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  null   security
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the hook for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  get   a

test:  verify the ssh key for a valid workflow object .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the sympy version used for at all running services .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  returns   a

test:  filename the given path to the given filename .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple with the given arguments .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  scan   state
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  truncates a link for source and its members from source directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  link   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sum of length n of matrix .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  testing   zeros
truth:  return   a

test:  test rounding from various backsprite coordinates .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a url .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  wrapper for kiwi .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   matching
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of all lexer classes .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return as a list of arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  return server ip address .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  server   a
truth:  translate   rest

test:  create a config file that includes the given s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   function

test:  read a named value from a question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  url   grain
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses the field line into warning .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   checks
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes a timezone from a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert instance .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  starts a nested value .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  starts   collection
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  remove a list of dicts from a sequence of given values .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  a simple completes method that takes the dbref of a quantity and converts the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check to see if expr has at least the sympy by expr .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  gpu arrays in the same order as being produced by gpu when the function is called .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   planck
truth:  test   test

test:  extraordinary binasciiimport that should contain pep measures .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   no
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a random string of a list of vector[i] frequency the same size .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  combine two property objects into a wildcard statements and between the []other and []other statistics .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  combine   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the environment variable or a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method abstract card func .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the number of active image names .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  register register events via http event .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  fix   event
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  module   null
truth:  save   state

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  rescales   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  creates a test method with unexpected tests .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of eigenvector on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last metadata defined for the specified repository from the database .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert s3 string to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: that the command output is sent .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  convert string to a binary string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  string   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the info table info in case of advancement are specified .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   row
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get importer data and last date']end /dev/sd[a-z][1-9][0-9]?$ .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse the result of a series of #stat_node .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   graph
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named groups takes named groups takes named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts expr in unicode representation of expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  fix   cast
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version string for the flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for function calls .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  this test case of system 03 -- the version string .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  convert apache for binary form to a given server_string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc method that will act on behalf of the application .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the group index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the directory where the py4j paths are stored .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller should be used for people use for people .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the own own meijerg .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  calculate   dispatch
truth:  null   helper

test:  run a conda command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  get a new cert for a github project .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a new l2 basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the given string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the loop from which a loop is masquerading to .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the current tool has a database .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrap a function to wrap the cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  sort an image .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  sort   groups
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively remove all the nodes allow versa to the project .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   nodes
truth:  given   a

test:  a step with the right product of the vectors .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the given args .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   delete
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an data to a sparse matrix .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   distance
truth:  input   data

test:  ensure that the given arguments are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a package with a local directory ( .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg declaration for the minion .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a implementation factory to helper function invalid arguments such that the arguments gets correctly returned .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check whether trainer .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  check   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that is requested with some response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dump for base64 .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the system of energy and/or rigidbodys .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   energy

test:  recursively copies an object from dictionary .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  expands   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  adds items from xml to the xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  tuple   join
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a named pairs object .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the number of variable to a float .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  get   values

test:  make a set of tuples this function will be used by a decorator that applies a list of dicts .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  make   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  lists the directory that contains default files .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  default   default

test:  up a h5 .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  upgrade   update
truth:  if   null

test:  list available vms cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  validate a cookie nonce nonce .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the list of recently configuration .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the temporary file path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a power-cycle .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get data from the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks to see if the element is in the element .
truth: check slug . 
test:  function   function
truth:  check   slug

test:  return any invalid characters in python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  sift   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project name for slug requests .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  null   check
truth:  project   project

test:  compute compute routing window for given window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a numeric digest string into a frame instance .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts fks searches for the parent landing to the ascii equivalent .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date for a specified traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  a simple wrapper around obj .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a top-level cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  null   rest

test:  returns increasing data with missing values .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a full version of a mysql server using a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the movie handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   set

test:  this page lists all registered events and has html drive(s) .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  calculates   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  makes the nth variance of a probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  makes   measure
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value for the value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the dual based on dense samples .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return server uuid : string uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string and returns a tuple of .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  parses   parses

test:  checks for all entrance exam of the given problem .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  do properly enable the original mainloop class .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  using   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look for the purposes .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 location .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to convert lists to the correct expression parameters s : list of unary op : str .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  string   get
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the relative corner measure response for a trace matrices .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   patches
truth:  compute   harris

test:  return a list of strings that map to deps .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  template   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  dns the dns message matches a specified question record .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  build   port
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop option .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  given python modules with given name in the given package list .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  given   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url check that the creation of a python interface .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a revision .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if a given server is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a networkx list of inserted into the currently standardized alias name .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing to a requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sends a database like <ctrl-x> .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   notification
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure no quantum attribute requires the current database .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   works
truth:  replace   replace

test:  read an scores from a buffer .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  read   a

test:  from url .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   note
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show commands should have been made .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   null
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks a string for a valid version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  creates a new transaction .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper method to get/create a score in order .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  set   set

test:  a single topic forum on a post forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  deprecated in order to setup .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  use   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  open a file using git document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   skeleton
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  create a new aggregate .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a filename and returns a list of imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the url if a url is selected .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' publish 'goals' report requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   round
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for applicationcontroller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   return
truth:  modified   version

test:  queries config to all config .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  config   move
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  makes sure the status is a expression expression and the status code .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  replace   n
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode objects passed to s3 .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   str
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test for polar characters .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  real typeof() .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the object is a sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enumerator_list : struct_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   initializer
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a csv for a course containing all students problem grades and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   student

test:  modifies an zfs tree of 92 .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  modifies   features
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require an invalid value .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  require   display
truth:  function   function

test:  compute boxcox for a number of scalars chart .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   plotting
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  helper function to numa numa requests from showing a list of attributes .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the accidentally accidentally for url this test case is only accepts a new instance of the file system .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  formatter this module is not imported with administrator .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  log   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  make integer of weeks of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  make   get
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   strings
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates that also support .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns the name of the http language list of the http header list .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two sine strings .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper function to create a url to cross-platform plain url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a list of information about the assertion if there are final for another tree .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  to   try

test:  intercept the instance of this object to be saved via save .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  handle   power
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify an weights using the weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  register   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  "'n'mustbeinteger" -> 0 .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the attributes from the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  if   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns list containing synonyms files before given directories .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns new collection of exceptions with a new user .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute tensorflow summaries for blk_count .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  decodes an entity into a protobuf .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for api extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  remove   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  place an openshift for several observed db input .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  place   get
truth:  command   command

test:  checks for callable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a statusbar is cleared and label is shown .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  adds   images
truth:  make   null

test:  expose the default headers .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  default   null
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieves the correct type to feed .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  make sure that all of the elements attribute cannot find keys .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  make   test
truth:  files   files

test:  template rendering handler .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  to find the configured logger in git repository .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a list of tuples into the current list of column or human-readable values .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for functional swallow argument tree .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  this sampling checks on a given state of a callable in theano shared variable and print them to start_response() benchmarks are visible to .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  generate f coefficients of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  multiply   get
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a string used to remove the current thread .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function for pretty-printing a first output has tab output .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  helper function for creating a set of edges to the deltas project .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  function   sort
truth:  perform   a

test:  a vowel of the vowel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple case of associations .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a library instance from the passed library .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  connect that the version of :class:i18nstore in the contact folder .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  provides   file
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default get back between the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy implementation of _ .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  to   hook

test:  l l .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  split   expression

test:  if the user is not to be invoked by the user via the session parameter is not requested .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  password   password

test:  sends or fail to 180 for a ['forcemerge' .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  sends   action
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  get the cache object from the api call to be enabled .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  input   version
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of requested ~ put .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a file type does not translate json blocks into a json object .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the bytes to bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  formats   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to check the path name for the file names .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  run current directory using current .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  run   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of acl acl values .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   function
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the project .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of line pixel and description .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the geographic image function .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: blame-upstream build failures for 'rvm' requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the points of distances between surface and nearest compilationresult transform .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   fetch
truth:  null   surface

test:  this is a paste application definition .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  uninstall token-ids must contain its irc tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  uninstall   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  run   create
truth:  create   create

test:  updates a mailchimp entry in mailchimp .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  given   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if a image type is type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  internal function to return an unversioned change status .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current connection object .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dictionary of task ids to their loaded state .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to check current user for invoice purposes .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  context   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  build credentials for need to build the backend .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  are   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  test element-wise of a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  creates a pprint group .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  creates   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  see a numpy unit .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  check if a symbolic instance is subclass of consulted .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  parses http request containing pairs of handler into list of components .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load a lazy test threads from a collection of threads .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  load   processes
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a namespace into a string .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the nodes in connected components of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  given a directory and a list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  calculates a multinomial from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  calculates   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults with a given name and optional .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  list all the keys in a dictionary .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  list   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the nll between the target size and a/d between the output: and the output: :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   a
truth:  called   null

test:  determine which a common migration list of streaming values from a single synchronously .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  look   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  add a function to the logical test .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  add   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create a queue object for all packages .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the currently supported interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute mean of an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  value   function
truth:  return   x

test:  wrap arguments so that the function returns the treeio object as the same sgroup as the current call to wraps() as the file .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents of a text file .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   filename
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  this function supports db from quoted and sets the images for defined forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  if   image
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a member to the f5 pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers create an workers if they are no workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the named link is in sys .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate through all the next n elements .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint for text chunks .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   pprint

test:  return new interval of messages for given interval .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  blocks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  exact sleep order to update events for sleep .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  require   event
truth:  null   null

test:  yum a named image .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  change   image
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function that ensures that the group_id modification expression and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  starts   returns
truth:  clones   a

test:  test if error is a color support .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   error
truth:  to   method

test:  render an html string to the rules of html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  to   html
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  retrieve and return github password .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  create new region of starcluster translation .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  helper function to update his date .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   deployments
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test removing behave when a value is created with a unit test .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure the correct project is properly handled by the cookiecutter project name .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  default   downloads
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the ssh file .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as being exempt from the maintenance context .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a group topic message message page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator whether the decorated test should run function if the condition .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the chapters from the given sequence of chapters .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert iosync iosync analog input value to an appropriate representation .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  if   null

test:  an empty system target .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that this directory containing this directory .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an understandable error message from data .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the environment variable set on env .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  if   check

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses a string into an entity port and kwargs .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  are   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  save out the process in the given process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  save   a

test:  return the number of seconds from the given number of days .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  returns the link to be stripped .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save image data to disk .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  open   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test matching user using a user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of lists for a show id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a thumbnail line tool .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  formats all ranges that corresponds to the metadata .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  fetch   notification
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper function to sort the latest release tags from git .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the a config file from a logrotate application on the current machine by removing the user translation directory .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  look for a specific lookup character in lookup .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  look   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  the search for temporary lines of r[i] .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  list   routine
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default size .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator for adding the attributes to an instance of the same attributes here .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only work on darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert a bound font coordinates to a base font font font format .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   parameters
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   web
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a new wsgi app only the current request .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  get a list of user names and their groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  get   check
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the test suite when run as test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  run   calls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  load and/or read from the data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  load   display
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the first node of a node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  convenience function to abort a task and return the result of a certain action .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return os x | platform paths to find the version .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of flags an object has .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate over a chunkyreader generator .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  iterate   reader
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the global spatial config file .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create eeg handler for eeg memory handler .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  compute l{natmapper} of a polygon from a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  swap   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host info .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  find matching tables .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  sets the value of many epsilon names in :math:ax .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  sets   wrapper
truth:  given   a

test:  unserialize raw generated request processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  unserialize   x
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get the list of unique data for a given source .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns app for each app in an account .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  selects   url
truth:  get   a

test:  transforms a datetime object into memory initialization .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get specified paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache of the given entity file .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert python layout to its notation .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  float   salts
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a cluster property of a cluster cibfile name of the property cibfile name/path of the cib extra_args additional options for the live cib extra_args additional options for creating the
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  if necessary for an email address and its email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  helper to create allowed methods .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the file path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  get the shortest policy for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  return a dict with information about the entire vif .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pillar and password .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to break packages into a list of segments .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  find the library associated with an dll'libname library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   decode
truth:  to   null

test:  it should be uninstalled if there is a version of a version package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  does   null

test:  determines the path separator to a dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the dayelse contributor counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  formats the parameters to be included at language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  eeg all the state of a given status .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  update   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a valid python file .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  each action with the normalize options based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  converts a file into octal octal nodes .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  using   os

test:  support for a type with respect to support support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   null
truth:  support   support

test:  checks if a string is a valid intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function is designed to be the main function .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  splits   bridge
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cookie for the current request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  try to locate out of the given data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  pulls   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the latest sample id from a sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert a json representation to a json string .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy function .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   exception
truth:  null   keyword

test:  return a list of all arrays and calls it .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from the floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  build a list of numbers to have slices .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  build   function
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps the url for the current thread .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the line of the enabled targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the target url for an existing list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  build   build

test:  create an array containing all files into a list of files .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the given user has access_level access to the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a path to filepath .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a utf8 remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return last metadata defined for the specified repository revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an element .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  determine if the given spherical based on the client .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  determine whether all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* common .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a file from the given filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  python 2 .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  restores   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along axis every major .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model chunks by a model in a vmware location .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  approximate   y
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  returns all of the instantaneous ip addresses from a given array .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  returns   distribution
truth:  quantize   a

test:  a qualified entered to extensions for extensions .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize string with finalize numbers .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  'document link to a list of related wiki .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if a given report is right .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a dict of v1 .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  adapted   get
truth:  return   return

test:  resource handler to get a resource .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  function   move
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  run a function once in a commit backend .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  run   check
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api service returns {created: true} if the vm was created and returns {tagged: false} if the trail was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending console entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   null
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  validate model in current fragment .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  validate   dictionary
truth:  handles   handles

test:  encodes a message to the alarm message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific load' is available .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  function for migrations .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  call   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find elements of a sequence in which predicate is true .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if there is a yaml: technique and formats it .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   injection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize an absolute path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  support   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  fix border to a single course key given a :const:true .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  configure an instance of the tornado ioloop to be used as the navigation ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  installs   run
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator which applies a function or method magic .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all open cover cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  attach   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  print   call
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  rolls   replace
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return a list of all the execution managed file with the given name .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  create   links
truth:  manage   null

test:  return true if g is strongly regular edges .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is used to return a nt key corrected corrected bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install or upgrade pre-requisite command .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   plotting
truth:  install   python

test:  build and compute disk swap macro for the flavor .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  build   format
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of models for all models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this makes sure that __name__ as a rpc-safe task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   password
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test the full angle of image input validation function .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  numa numa topology for a host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  the gd['century'] .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  check if the position of the first element of the given array .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns a rule into a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  turns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure there is absent name the difference between the process if you require a win_dns_client host and delete the job on which to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a list for that is the published version for the given item .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  checks user authentication using http auth key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   check

test:  install and "probes" .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   check
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate the c{ancestor} field for the video .
truth: return query string . 
test:  discover   generate
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse the list of options and adds the values for immediately .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   argv

test:  make sure every iteration to the operation on operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper function to determine whether course is allowed in the course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  function   url
truth:  prints   prints

test:  example function to output file based on a in-neck file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   max

test:  function to build a cache from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  helper function for the right string .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  string   view
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clear the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the directory .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   case

test:  updates the target url .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a toim image with affine points .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of each node in the passed line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to open a file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute the upper mean over a digital filter .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  extract all tests under python 2 .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  loads   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if the specified key should be sqlite3 .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  like   obj
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   view
truth:  default   default

test:  returns distance between u and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists to convert from string to an absolute filename .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert the scalars if found .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the fill file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin credentials from admin yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete user access .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  expired   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  return matrix to direction by direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   notification
truth:  return   matrix

test:  build an api key from api .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a single test .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  if an email address is already a hash .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  if   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  invalid score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   get
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a string and 1 for a comment .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   replace
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper function to receive an email for a given account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  list   email
truth:  runs   runs

test:  match an importtrialtypes command line number .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a list of network data .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of active patterns from split_libraries .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an appropriate response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the rho normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if unknown .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the object is a code object .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plot the nltk configured to weights .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  plots   waits
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return information about the node cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  convert an device name to the device .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash with the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  show   update
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a decorator to a file instance of this function will return a list of strings .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  generate   replaces
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is test for debugger .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  boolean   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the superset model .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an email .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  compare   format
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy url for a given sqlalchemy object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of names of all up to the short parse action .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  return   split
truth:  find   find

test:  set attributes to new instance state .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  attributes   no
truth:  check   check

test:  get a user based on its name .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  try to see if a pattern is allowed to be used by a given pattern .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  host   host

test:  a helper method that provides a helper for requests that do some tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  create   create

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   notification
truth:  calls   a

test:  creates a child of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   version

test:  patch cmd in new .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random give queries with many data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  index   index

test:  converts a new :class:sslsocket object to the specified format .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  admin view that defines the main app .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  to   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return second row from a column by evaluating its baseline format so it is exactly a concatenated matrix parameters u : ndarray of image .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  modify   image
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to a binary string .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   cache
truth:  checks   checks

test:  track message summary component .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  trivial   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert bytes to a file .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  the main function .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   split
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sort the given time to allow most recent ones to be sorted by the dictionaries with .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   returns
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find shape between / coefficients .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorate a function useful to be a method with an api endpoint .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the args of a set of exceptions .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data from a test parameters data : str file .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check the limit of a service .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   bivariate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert -> .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  resolves   create
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the categorical and given number of indices .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a given device and a dict to directory that wont have used when used and wont lead to directory component .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calculate the mean of upper typing of a data network .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  calculate   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  code that sets up to the application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  return json for missing info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  :retval shapesh restriction .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   parents
truth:  null   product

test:  create a url specified to x .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get torrent file system .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of {field_index: } from the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of items from page to items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced with upper replaced by old replaced by old replaced .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install a test unless options[html-escape] is installed .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  calculate the board api page classes for the combination of a came .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that requires the specified profiling .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the sortoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   source
truth:  index   index

test:  a string that is less than 002 <= the responding of a .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  splitting   find
truth:  return   a

test:  format the filesystem devices .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  show   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for image compatibility with basic auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  null   user
truth:  set   set

test:  take a list of js args and recursively into a list of positional names .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  concatenate   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return value .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a raises an exception if it exists .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a list of .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator to skip a test for the test case .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return globals or source file names .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process has a qt_log_ignore process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a signal handler for marking the given name .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator to evaluate log of a b-spline .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the given options for http options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add a new ssh key to the ssh server .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  display a dstname to the relative file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this view shows the html to the html page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  constructs   get
truth:  show   show

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  return the given step number of seconds as an instance of seconds .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  is   representation
truth:  return   a

test:  run a file to named attribute of a list of example .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test relative_to sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  for each format valid format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  collects a number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a helper function to get the current language for directives .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the specified user is absent name the name of the state to remove user the user to connect as running .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  perform the full feature entries for a dense float .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  perform   wake
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read in the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  filename   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  log user ssl objects with objects and size or override handlers .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  sends   export
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking context dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   null
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  retrieve the certificate to amazon certificate output the certificate to find the certificate output the certificate output .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display color debugging .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  color   encoding
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the maximum of a iqr .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  takes a @with_app instance from the database and set it to the correct ; .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract an entry from a file .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates all area area from rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  calculates   minimum
truth:  find   a

test:  constructs a key=value integer from the x and writes it to the rlglue .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples from the given version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run export if properly configured .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   invoke
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check whether version is installed on .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  this makes sense to a single key from a string .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  attempt to one or more volume .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  parses   wrapper
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks for first .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  list added in a directory and specify full files .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x on an class should be exported .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  null   order
truth:  make   null

test:  apply a function to a function that calls action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  simulates   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  initialize module .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a django change from each referenceproperty that can be used to compute on the change .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that the file is valid .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  check   mark
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  simple hessian matrix for significance or banded .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   mocks
truth:  null   cluster

test:  is from a socket file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  view function to replace matched by email redirect to login .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  to   a
truth:  query   query

test:  rest controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  filtered   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  colorize the daemon to be used when an environment .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the profile .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  imdb   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scans the breakvdi chain for a n with severity .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  scans   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  return files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes sure the flags flags .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  render   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  sends an alert message to your subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all the python interpreter .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  the given request to the given request .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  try to get the actual ip addresses from a given list .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  return the addonuser .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  to   subscription
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that a file with the given directory .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an addresses matching new arguments .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   build

test:  this method changes the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain of a templates separated by the inheritance chain at the start of a templates separated
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes trivial cases using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns the first element of the array forms given the strings forms as a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test presence with finder urls .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  creating   no
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the names of all roles in the provided group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the user .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  sort   in
truth:  convert   one

test:  should have a path .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user %}:: {% user_display {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  yaml: data from separate section parser .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  function   a
truth:  show   show

test:  require the python function to be called via a variety .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  require   up
truth:  enable   enable

test:  signature -> returncode process .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  ensures   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the default script path for each script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a script to the notebook cell blocks .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  adds   compile
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  argument is not rewritten -> f(x) .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the version of the django release a local release release inclusion for the current test server .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  set   source
truth:  specified   tag

test:  returns the travelled for the specified path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the stores views on an existing datasets .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  fetch indexes and start existing settings .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the array of strings from an empty list of arrays .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  converts   python

test:  test info publishing inference .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   instance
truth:  test   test

test:  checks a value for a valid string containing a option .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to invoke a single call .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a mock q .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  applies a dictionary of subs subs to a single key .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that enables notifications for testing purposes .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  determine   index
truth:  noop   noop

test:  take a list of strings and convert it to tuple of names .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  take   a
truth:  takes   args

test:  confirmation all logging epochs on the memory .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   figure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  interpret   get
truth:  get   meta

test:  returns an array of parameters from a list of query parameter names to use for parameters that can be included in a dictionary of query parameters .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return a link for vagrant tests .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  link   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resume the signature of an object .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse a --instance-groups units .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  string   string

test:  create a matrix to generate a pcap .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find executable in path with the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using active functions -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to assign a method to an iterable .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   attributes
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a list of full vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a version of poll_for .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  takes the path of the html encoder in the xhtml html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns that a column given a valid field name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  # a line of indentation to display it .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check for matplotlib test if matplotlib and classes are present .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the components of the basestring .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  value   runs
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available in the database .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  list   list

test:  for each entry point .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  server   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   load
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for changes to the current thread and code .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  sets   a

test:  get group access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function for a binary image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  wrapper for cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes and make a string from json .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compresses   a

test:  return status of a key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create db script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of raw config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a logical port is debug .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the list of fields in the review issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  assign   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number number number number number number on the number random number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an instance of a queryset with another queryset .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  null   null
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the relabel tree with the given labels .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  list configured arguments for the configured arguments .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  obtain   configuration
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a function to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that test%rfailed satisfy format_html .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  run a repo .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove files or directories from a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  files   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  a context manager to cause a trivial savestderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  function   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all networks .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  render the evaluate cachechain .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorate and sort a url for the given login field .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  string   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper method to build an instance with the new instance with the new instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of epochs function .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plot
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the language of the given path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   equivalent
truth:  write   null

test:  parses an interval line from a list of accepted keyword arguments .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  function   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes a network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier and train it for a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter of instructor tasks as part of given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  rescales the input data so that each column is a subset of given payload and standard deviation .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper for bundleadaptors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  view   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich rich node .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  starts various input in a queue .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task and requests for debugging track about page .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   android
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  transform request to dulwich ) values .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return a test file descriptor object from a deprecated .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure the osx attribute is applied .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  build a dictionary containing related configuration files and their ids .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  build   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  serialize object from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  null   in

test:  register an object to a feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all top-level ids .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a pixel to be run until the search javascript .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  make   decode
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the additional length of a point .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   face
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   get
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholder' and data parent tensors .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats tip to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate a string representation of a lhs or an input file .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports signal handlers on sender returning deferreds .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  null   message
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this function implements the email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  test sale should only contain necessary lines .
truth: if a . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a value in milliseconds cli example: .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the inverse of _ .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  forgets   null
truth:  log   a

test:  when to be used .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   configuration
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the line of distances on line indent .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   host
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a query .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  decrypt   resource
truth:  value   value

test:  get dense paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  prepare   get
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for tnull - this step if required than the first column given key=val .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  boolean   format
truth:  test   test

test:  get requests requests from a deferred so that the recalculate_subsection_grade are increasing returns the response .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  print   requests
truth:  null   a

test:  we can copy a .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  use   invoke
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor types by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  decode a literal literal .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  verify that version packages are end to end assert the version .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  asserts   end
truth:  end   end

test:  yields a blob for the supplied blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  move to the server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  server   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns whether the path refers to the given path .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   check

test:  uploads the object correctly set the pattern for experimentation with this folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   image
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   get
truth:  package   package

test:  for a file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable module to stderr .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  format a datetime object for the current time to read it .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a function that returns solveset or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted arguments into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add intersections for a loop into a table .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  return slice from array after trimming distribution from a test array distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  slices   slices

test:  do nothing with the decorated function to call another wont do it this to call the max of a test .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  errors   swap
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for api methods to be a method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  given a url .
truth: takes request . 
test:  given   endpoint
truth:  request   request

test:  a view for unhandled exports .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  landing   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  try to execute a replacement from the given handler .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  read a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   load

test:  build queryset page .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  using   pagination
truth:  get   a

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read blacklisted ipsum release file from dnsmasq information .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the directory that is an os .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure that plain dns libcloud matches the specified zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parse an struct format_timedelta to a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  initialize an ascii in a default .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  verify a unique file .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  preprocess a scalar or vertically and q by to_path .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  preprocessing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the test has no args and .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a stub object .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  convert   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test whether a string can be converted to a number .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 rotation matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handles the twitter dance token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return acronyms for a model field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about a named user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a stack and directory merging the new instance reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  move   move

test:  transform a yes/no list of strings to print all words that appear from manipulate .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  transform   undo
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  creates a url according to an instance of dos/windows .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  query   docstring
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration file .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all dependencies associated with a repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory that the given path exists .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace sequence of whitespace characters with whitespace .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for packs .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   in

test:  helper function to get a new timeout for the given twisted .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  make   a

test:  update an existing hash of a new one .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   jndi
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if path starts with and a path .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the current xbins 683 command .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the configoptionparser header and merge them into a string .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   filename
truth:  open   open

test:  parse a url string into urllib .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize the pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  reads an certificate to a prepared form of certificate .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys of an continuous-time column .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset to each object of the given queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get a django instance of the attributes for an instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast a function to a condition function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  write the list of ifname specified by ifname .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   model
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure the memoryerrors layer produces a classes to re-use the same parent as models .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  make   source
truth:  serializing   null

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total seconds from the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  takes   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  print usage usage .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an stonith dialog of the file containing a new cib cli example: .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an array of termination .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  check the validator for task attributes .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a file from a easy_install command .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  execute   parse
truth:  executes   null

test:  check that table with trailing table extent by col extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the services that are enabled to start for the given file .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a specified event is found .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  is this a debug level .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  debug   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  if user is in a beta test group .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   ports
truth:  if   checks

test:  assert that mail has the same number of mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   scenario
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of verification type kwargs .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  capture   print
truth:  print   print

test:  make sure an example image is done when creating an instance of a parameter .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   check
truth:  if   check

test:  setup an roles with builtin methods in builtin methods are required .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  modify   methods

test:  normalizes otu table by otu notation .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  samples   return
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension status section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  lists   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  download columns from the given url and return a dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  download   null
truth:  load   a

test:  validates the specified project project is valid .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validates   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a single version of an api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper method to grab session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the deb package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  import and return import of the test suite .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  import   import
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a room object tied to the database .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  find   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   return
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a file in the xml-file xml directory .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   in
truth:  define   a

test:  find the path with vhds directly this is used when we return the base repository this is dealing directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = default * network -- request network name the name of interest -- trueret['changes'] drive * safe -- power'] drive * safe .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   power
truth:  request   power

test:  get the index of the server .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  get   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the passed helper function for limiting a tag that is must have a next node .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   format
truth:  return   return

test:  load tornado compatible with the test cases .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the currently configured identity id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fires source and its white lines .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  source   a
truth:  token   token

test:  alternatives the values of a particular object with a given name .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  is   check
truth:  check   check

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   response
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   github
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if the given element matches the list of components .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies idonotseethechanges' using vfs .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieves the current service flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a given track .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes string to base32 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  string   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check if the mailchimp log lists exists on the mailchimp .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  show a system version cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  prepare   version
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a module given the given name and returns it .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  if   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  returns the last record .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return public languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor for creating a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console formatters .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   api

test:  given a matplotlib rgb components .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can query running the installed module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  function to execute the subprocess command in shell .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   a

test:  tell whether the elementtree containing the unicode_repr if it is unavailable .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  combine two python objects .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor item from instances system_metadata information .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  logger for the widget handler .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  code   notify
truth:  remove   remove

test:  searches for ports and sort directories .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  searches   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test text table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   reader
truth:  read   read

test:  find the module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from the database .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the value is not too long and queues .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a helper function to get gaussian variable gaussian .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   section
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all containers in a text .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   move
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a base64 encoded mac address string .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a querymanager in the given address to the sessions object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  wrap   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  check writer logger for all compiled features .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  initialize   append
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  initialize api user as a api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  null   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  ensures that the consuming app is present on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape the url so that it isnt already url-encoded .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  test precision and precision trip through a format that does not set .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  having   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of compatible channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a generator to set a private block transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  test   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  send user-level on all users except on month .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   subscription

test:  retrieve a users notification type type .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the trashcan directory for storing the files created .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove search lines from text and '\\s*' .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   i
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the version of the directive file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  stochastic the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  assign   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get hosts with an aggregate metadata .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on linux .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  country the country and hierarchy of repoman .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  download   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for a given user .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  determine whether the was called if it is the ssl object .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string like *xml* .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an e-mail hook for review board .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  use   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  like django .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return available flavor name .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of plugin names .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  wrap the testtools method so to generate a testtools function is called on parameters .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  sends   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  creates the output of an array which contains a tree .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  slices   slices

test:  declaration_specifiers the resembles .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the users widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  gets   edit
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the utc score for a module and assign them to the cms event for a dict .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  draw   version
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove leading aliases from parsed aliases .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  leading   language
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  given a list of used by the id .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  report service to be a proper service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  report   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  replace a socket object with a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  determines the vcs revision to the git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  returns   branch
truth:  get   version

test:  helper function to get line numbers from arr .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem expr minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge numlist .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  transform accents string to ascii .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element of the ground domain to f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  takes a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  turns   filename
truth:  clean   null

test:  format status entry .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  match   waits
truth:  format   a

test:  get a table from a service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  is   null

test:  gaussian distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a port range range(port_max rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if args is not a string or environment variable .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  view function to modified the response data and modified header .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   null

test:  import languages in the given module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  create a node attributes for unused attributes on the 'xmlns .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   split
truth:  url   url

test:  turns an ipv6 address in compact representation of the first ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that input from normal delimiter vs or comma certs .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test pem reader .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   help
truth:  test   test

test:  return if the points should be moved .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   number
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress a base64 encoded string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run a kapacitor task .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent 3 dimensions in a heatmap chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct id into periodogram .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  binary equalization of binary array .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the overlay is absent name the name of the name of the file/directory to remove users files are deleted .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method to get the region code for a given phone number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  null   method
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to guess a tar image .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the default .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  return the pick channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  if   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  dummy implementation of _ .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   method
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  resolves the controller spec to the specified controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  resolves   string
truth:  function   function

test:  get the host name of the host being changed from the deprecated: .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  a higher wrapping expression for more seed the same options and referenced .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  list and remove summary .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  list   content
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version of the current python version .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that according to run against unquoted:: .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator for benchmarks that are applicable on a function of a list of tuples .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager to generate preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string representation of the given attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  interpret   html
truth:  return   return

test:  generate unique permutation of length n from permutations .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  function   index
truth:  generates   null

test:  check if data is zero .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  if   return
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  return memory usage associated with status .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the module as defined in the installed_apps namespace .
truth: execute app . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  construct   list
truth:  pull   salt

test:  gets token to cleanup and raises an instance of the next .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  token   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes contacts from a users viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch the specified lyrics title from the given url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use djangos and netmiko to stringify in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  null   options
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns the email group for a review group .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test the expected content in the package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  test   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given quality is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   state
truth:  if   checks

test:  just a repository .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  -   -

test:  list items on a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  test that the state given parameters .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt6 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether 'systemsetup-gettime' is on time time time :return: true if 'systemsetup-gettime' is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a replay .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  remove photos from a device .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  port   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  calculate the signal-to-noise tensor with one of the input a and b .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrapper for riak .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  null   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  determine whether a path is a valid http response path .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for sparse matrices .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  using   function
truth:  output   output

test:  check if we can get appropriate for a given context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  used to create a template installation outp sentry .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  to   setup

test:  given a package name using cache that matches the modules this is found to provide in the package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  set   module
truth:  return   a

test:  the default_letter_head_content spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  uses   validates
truth:  constructs   a

test:  handle signal from signals .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  send pixels to pixels .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  send   show
truth:  show   show

test:  load an absolute plugin from a file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  return the volume name for a given os .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  return   block
truth:  block   block

test:  adds a user to the exploration and skips .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  adds   waits
truth:  commits   a

test:  download for events .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  if   escape
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a disk disk disk disk disk disk server .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  provide provide concurrent .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  provide   check
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse a kegg header and return a pair of the tag; header dict .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parse   version
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clears the namespace from the given clears .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the current number .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  copy   get
truth:  add   a

test:  return a class without modifying the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  using user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  construct the size for type string from charts .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   units
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return an object for the specified instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  return   power
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  infer nodes by a given list of nodes .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  infer   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function that detects the suggest position for a given series are returned in the order of their position in the series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the host belongs to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a function to handle multiple of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverses the elements lst[a:b] method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  sanity check for all only one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  query   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an index on an existing column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  used to port a '%s@%s' template .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  count   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  continuously read a generator from a given audio generator with a given interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  save   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  completion the language-code thats listed in supported by a given language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  creates some python configuration file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  opens   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision the precision likelihood is synchronous .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  makes a test suite for the given test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the meeting ip .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  send   send

test:  a test site and set checkers to packages .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  this method gets called from a directory to the target .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  gw rules of an 53 .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  rules   equation
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  utility method to report the decorated method of an object .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  report   format
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile interface into a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the float with entity config values .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  returns   distance
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the path given by thing .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the absolute resource file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be run .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  array   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   function
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  runs the application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  hook   classes
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns 'l'for specification for dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  query   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian version of a list of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  null   reference
truth:  constructs   a

test:  print an integer id .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read from a page which returns a python object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  a context manager that asserts that the user to run .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  computes a single sample .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  makes   a

test:  removes a new router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current tensor setting for the current thread .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  extension return a random number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive functionality .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  wraps a file area inside a relative cache directory .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   version
truth:  am   am

test:  prints messages to the log messages to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  parse a config file into a tree .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  end   end

test:  the sequence has all occurrences of *seq* .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert that the pred string was none .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  environment to be used in process .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  build   validate
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert units in a string to a unix unix representation .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  merging   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  set/get the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar and assign the current axes .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update 2 country codes .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  update   null
truth:  given   null

test:  download a file from the salt master sources file in the cache .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  download   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the current input flags should be supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator for creating and return a list of model instances .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   download
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the entry in the group .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  sets   default
truth:  set   set

test:  helper function to check if a particular pandas .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  prepare an input variable with x values .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  prepare   array
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  adds arguments for arguments to a template .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  adds   entities
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check to see if region have at least one number of common instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the url of the webapp context path url : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  build   a
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  remove consists from missing .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  query   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a list of paths in a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals from the connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that renders a page to the user .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  if   null

test:  make sure the arg is raised when the argument .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper for scipy .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given op .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the directory of redis 'doesnotexistorisnotadirectory' is an absolute physical dependencies .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   op
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds all distance between kicks and target_image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  finds   configuration
truth:  find   corners

test:  get an object for a function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  construct an umc container .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds an event by id if it doesnt already exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  export generator that formats the generator format and removes them .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  export   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator for benchmarks that require an async_result .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing release complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  release   null
truth:  routing   area

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  volunteer role controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of text from a file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   method

test:  download a wrapper .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  function   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different content .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two int and returns the values vars so that keys take precedence and a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the database to sync closed in the protected if they are closed even .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from an existing senderkey .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  transforms mapped with the given axis from the longer labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  this is a decorator which decorates the arguments serialization .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  is   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   crash
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  make the version string as a string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  generates   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision necessary --help .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  null   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  returns a list of columns from !!omap index .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if a path matches its regular file .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   sort
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the positions of the expression with args and "guidelines" numbers .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add new user to the submissions to the submissions page .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   get
truth:  null   page

test:  given an entire object .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  make sure the given text was set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a directory to be used in pytest .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a base file with a base uri .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections to the connections in the given element .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream and lets the user identified by user_id .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if an error could be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a placeholder for display .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  install a simple pair interface and ping to recreate pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return a symbolic copy of the distribution with randomly distribution subplots .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  return   numpy
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a url for the entire adapter url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  emulate sqlobjects path .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  emulate   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to stdout and returns log .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of colors in g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function returns a paginated formatted header with each part of the given url .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a users datastore resource access to the datastore dict .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   return
truth:  access   access

test:  callback invoked when the server is run .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the object is a number .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  normalizes a given number .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  normalizes   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects a security security security auth authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make sure the extension is a valid path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  given   equivalent
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  helper to get/create the language .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image from each descriptor file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   estimate
truth:  embed   album

test:  quick argument names .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  parses   converts
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get a network driver : mappings to an error message .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  list   list

test:  samples from the linux system and return its version .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise tanh function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   propagation

test:  creates a dynamic fields for the given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  makes sure every element has passed into a list of steps .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  makes   factory
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the pandas bundle to a bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  read   a

test:  convenience function to return a directory that is called with a directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  function   network
truth:  return   return

test:  try to parse an http basic auth authentication using http basic access authentication .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods for bad values .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  changes the os x window if it is idle .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  is the correct number of html characters .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  given   html
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize a manager object with a dir .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  set   up

test:  a safe pattern as a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  set   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view to allow easy to creating the user .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  to   identifiers
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of files with the current language .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns data .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  take a cholesky function for lowercase and .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  take   utility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert between potential interpolation and to_value .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  compute   entropy
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add the given tag to the bootloader tag .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send packets at layer 2 to determine which hosts are up to modify -> none set cache=true if you want to modify internal python 2 .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   pass
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the trees which match the trees which match the trees which match the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   version
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an object using the private member to be used anymore .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure config file with the specified configuration name .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  config   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the click key for the partition .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rstrip(s) -> iterator return a copy of the string s with trailing whitespace removed .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   s
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  display   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup test configuration .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  test   configure
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset ckans .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  move   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that yields a schema .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  interleave   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  update the tablespace and things with a process .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  record   record

test:  execute one or more wsgi request .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  execute   link
truth:  test   test

test:  return all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  test using countevent + sensor and matches properly .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  using   addition
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  inject the specified metadata .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  run   get
truth:  callback   callback

test:  update the global tags of a config file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  update   update
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode string if x is a unicode string .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  unicode   compute
truth:  decode   a

test:  commit commit through subprocess .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of all of the file in which the file starts with a file name .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  find sparse indices .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a list of known auth cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  sends   arg
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  a decorator to make them returns the test result .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all blobs on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return whether the pattern matches the given pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  provides   pattern
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size of linode swap the proper disk .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure an object is implemented .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   attr_gt
truth:  null   in

test:  gets a list of yaml off the current dir .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a single timezone of writers .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a sql response with an http response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x or a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  sends   numbers
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  download an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  download   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an iri resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pylint for condition until a list has gone to be corresponding .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  repository storage command line interface cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  context   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute the expected tag of a function in a dictionary .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a decorator for setting indexing methods to cls .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  virtual field to show details on the database .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission permission to the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list the locate locate multipath cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return the model proposed fit names .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  model   a
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   get
truth:  process   process

test:  proper ols benchmark: and its parameters for at least one line .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  access   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  return a completion for the given parameter .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining this plugin allows you to put in shining .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : lparen expr rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator to do a method or llvm input .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  round   round

test:  a function to make the class fit that maps the expression tree in the expression tree .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  remove np from an array of arrays .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  this function searches a list of like hmacing but for joining duplicate poni .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  function   stream
truth:  code   code

test:  get the text from the integer .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a name of a service .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that enforces an object to a new operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  null   add
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the symbolic mean 3f-%- of evoked data .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  create a gradient function .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  fill   gaussian
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return all nodes of a node in topologically order .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convenience function for getting a url to the data .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the openid url for the current request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add the specified connection to all providers .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  return   data

test:  find an longest or stack matching a given dtype .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   images
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the google header object .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the number of notifications notifications for the current request .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean and others of template metrics .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   like
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an array of image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  workers all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   checks
truth:  activate   null

test:  helper function for results in a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if a url is in one of the ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test basic font characters .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   shape
truth:  loading   loading

test:  given a template template uri .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the uri represented by the uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  remove   url
truth:  transform   a

test:  check an element from bug vector .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  code   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return y minus x 1 of x and y methods .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  check if the container has been changed .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  rewrite   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the table is not none .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  construct art art archive from url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   art
truth:  return   art

test:  test that calling and user id never cause no existing project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  creating   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between [lat and determine distance between [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the content of all type strings in the given content .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  this is a list of network functions to load math breadth-first .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  is   model
truth:  return   return

test:  utility to define a custom variable by a custom variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  view which can be used to cleanup a user .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  view   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to article model .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers in the db .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find the python encoding that ioloop .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the modules modules found in the format of the format .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a dict of target .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  transform   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two exits to and build a little rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of active 2 and un-named .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove generated file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  retrieves the fully time from the provided uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a human-readable fault from its given fault .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  upload a firewall vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  control   a
truth:  create   network

test:  set the imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  set   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  get the networks files domain .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  collect   remove
truth:  existing   list

test:  add a nested column number as flattened email .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  add   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   knots
truth:  find   find

test:  store an image in a list of image represented by a new file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  opens   add
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the first item from the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find album plugins for a template string .
truth: as above . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  associate media instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this media list .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  associate   media
truth:  get   media

test:  find a list of paths and return a dict mapping command names to their state after the container .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  acts -> int .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  null   html
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services which are installed in the given service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   services

test:  test solveset_real of lasso_stability_path .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  tests   wether

test:  take a list of index objects and return a dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  replace   series

test:  append the given unit prefix to the list of units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  append   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  a wsgi application that turns a url and turns it into the login .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   move
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of resources for all resources in the given locale .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ret[setting] a single client .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  setting   setting

test:  wraps a helper function into two strings .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  iterate   x
truth:  null   null

test:  test center with involving label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  label   wheel
truth:  label   label

test:  return a text for the related vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a new server from all server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  return a random content about the service about the specified content .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  return   put
truth:  get   get

test:  cobbler -> utf-8 extends a prefixed file name .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the objects id of an object found in a list of accepted objects .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  single user message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  callback   fetch
truth:  denied   user

test:  create a device object from a device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  formats the specified format from a specified format .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads a default template from a list of directories .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  strips sequences of whitespace characters from and trailing whitespace .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  returns   mark
truth:  normalize   a

test:  find a sequential element which is used to select an existing array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the event on application identifier .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  does the first argument only a callable that has any potentially the function and kwargs that includes the function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  compares   arguments
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line with bracket .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete last update index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  exemplify   coefficients
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse a text of bytes from a tree .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   number
truth:  expects   null

test:  run a function in a pxshark .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator for sending an error to the client .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a custom entities domain name .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  get   video
truth:  returns   controller

test:  return a sample string with color numbers .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  return   format
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the coordinate of a vector field computed wrt the specified frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  use   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  this function is called from a separate stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  create   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a dict of existing users for any callable grouping .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter all items in a list of those that contain those items .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  prints the points of a path .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  null   alpha
truth:  normalize   a

test:  evaluate the specified image x: x: x: as an imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  displays   packagefinder
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test to ensure one class requires 'foo/bar/baz/blah' .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   help
truth:  url   url

test:  return the argument .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the information on the local database cli example: .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   djangos
truth:  run   a

test:  attach a static transport in a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  put   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the current user .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a hook function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  checks if an attribute contains a special name .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  run unicode via etcd cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   create

test:  safely removes an mime types from a docker request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of time since the epoch .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure value raises an exception if --junit-xml is not empty .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  load config parsed from json .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  config   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node from the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first item from the iterator with a given iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  a simple data request to be used instead of the data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively iterate over each key in the dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex string and converts it to the corresponding color tuple of rgba .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   hex
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  a page to restricted actions .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns a list if the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  compute md5 hash of a string .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes of: sample measure response .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an integer to a list of simplified_pairs .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  true if data given its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  register   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the available sensors] platform .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified duration of velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that pip test is listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   information
truth:  test   test

test:  random source init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  try to retrieve the list of columns according to the provided table and index .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  xor   indices
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that choices are only one item with a list of choices with more or filled with a single item .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  return a copy of a prefix and sympy to all sentences .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if f is one of the polynomial .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  if   version
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the vector of a vector field .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  return   weight
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve the most recent zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   list

test:  internal routine to get the pubkey signify .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the dns dns ip addresses for each of the state functions to use to search for server configuration .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  changes the given setting key to every time zone .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from content from content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  provide a dict mapping prefix to access a url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  provide   calls
truth:  does   null

test:  formats an image with a amount of pairs as provided by the format .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  set   set

test:  try to list of repo from test_records .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return leading and line .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of exercises the user is currently exercises .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email when a given object to be posted about new reporter is posted .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of func with methods of the given object .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like unicode .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to remove a test and making a files and making a local plugin return double version .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an html string to a list of ints .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  converts   parse
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  resolve a device name according to the current device .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  internal function for docstring .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  common function to attach a given lists .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  request   a
truth:  define   null

test:  find a newline string for the given path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  ]p[ : const_value ruleitem expr | ruleitem le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr power expr .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  raises commas if the user is not allowed to be determined .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies we always verifies __getattr__ and a to: operations directly .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the datetime to compute the corresponding call integral .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the formats of all formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  add   print
truth:  list   list

test:  calls grains in a functions dictionary .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  calls   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning a guest .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns those items of sequence for which predicate is false .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  strip all and trailing whitespace from and applies to the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strip   output
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  adds command to a new command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  adds   geocoding
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown text of markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to require a function to catch tasks .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the image library .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   syntax
truth:  setup   setup

test:  open a given filename .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a function with the given name of inputs .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  use   use

test:  fail if the given log message .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  if   null
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of order members read from paths .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   version
truth:  find   find

test:  run commands process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  function   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an command .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the serialports of groups .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   sort
truth:  scans   null

test:  test the history of the script .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  clone   test
truth:  test   initialization

test:  return sql specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  set   string
truth:  return   return

test:  run flocker-volume in list .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   python
truth:  run   python

test:  returns list of names of all the listed in expr .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a date/time string or google cloud analytics locale .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns the current extension in the given image .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the average flow of a directed network .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns all cliques contains a list of nodes in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to become a method as a future .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send the dpid in a dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  internal function .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  if   configuration
truth:  given   a

test:  extract an iterator from a list of valid length of values it is a list that starts with n items .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object instance referenced by a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple template heading handles a trend of plain text .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   statistics
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of an array .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the rich-club neighbors of the given undirected graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a python datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  these for enum enum name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  function   null
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register a new url .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random constant_expression_opt key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  build   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that *x* error are absolute .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the sum of the wh problem .
truth: computes np . 
test:  count   return
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class with httpd and port account if specified .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most of the values in the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   ports
truth:  count   count

test:  return a purchase object .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to run a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  identify for a given value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  a before we are called with a deprecation source .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  bench   a
truth:  register   register

test:  notifies layer to jinja2 across the configured handler .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  execute setup and return all of the values from the environment .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  execute   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url function for testing output .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a line: from a collection of objects this function will create a complete line parameters .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure that a value is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional cib .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  quick context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  null   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random n_steps .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  edit   filter
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only supported on posix-like systems windows systems with the steady windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register all the acls for admintools objects .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   content
truth:  register   register

test:  imports and returns a management project names to the django project directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  convenience function for _thread_references a given pytree .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  function   need
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract timeseries from the egg:paste#auth_form outputs the desired data .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  if user is a dictionary of permission to view .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  disables a file .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the git process and svgtext .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted hash algorithm .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting by -3 in -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   gridsearch
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  a decorator for unhandled exceptions .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  sanity check for range .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  swap   converts
truth:  create   create

test:  determine the instance of the specified function .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  ensure that opening opening fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  to   up
truth:  set   up

test:  a placeholder version of the value .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   version
truth:  raise   null

test:  the radial gaussian kwargs to install the radial gaussian harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the opengl configuration .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  clear   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  send an email address .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification type names from a vm .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to get json link from a dictionary of variables .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   json

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  add web annotation to the directory that creates folder .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  add   path
truth:  set   set

test:  the eelif constraints for the given flavor using the admin portal .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   return

test:  raise a single response response headers .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list containing the string field matching the key specified .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete all users from spacewalk .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   user

test:  weve url .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convert a tree string into a list of texts .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   a

test:  legendre polynomial with core coefficients .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  receives   ancestor
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  start a user for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test parsing of being used where resources fits in python .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the kernel density function of the given number x .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  swap   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  check the specified network device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper function to calculate the squared ce .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  requestresponse a specific post request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  draw events with figure out of specified string .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  output   remove
truth:  remove   lines

test:  load a file .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  load   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize using the log output .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  using   return
truth:  using   resize

test:  removes the examples .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  remove   tester
truth:  errors   errors

test:  build a package id from the given package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  build   package
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the file from a file or none .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  unpack   data
truth:  file   file

test:  look up gtk in the given account with name .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  look   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   detail
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the version of a service .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses referrer headers .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generic wrapper around 0print .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   value
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of str :returns: the user header with .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for marking the network_fn method to a list of objects .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split the event locations by vispy .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  split   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime to determine the current locale format .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  take in hex color and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  take   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a new theano variable with shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  move data into a new object .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  move   replaces
truth:  learn   a

test:  return true if the current machine is in a direction cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  return   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to the given registration id .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  general conversion when growth is not 1 .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  string   null
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a class .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  takes the version of the string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value by keys and keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a timedelta .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if this model has sent to the given model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check an exception is acceptable .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   check
truth:  value   value

test:  returns a list of fields from a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  default   add
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image offset as central .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  refresh   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the full absolute path .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  find   split
truth:  returns   a

test:  test individual values :arg client: 4 data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   python
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of the names of the error messages .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   error
truth:  if   null

test:  gets a new .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a precision value allowing why the headers passed to compute the jenkins value .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  get   precision

test:  helper for mixin_cols binary classification .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the approximation of the infinite approximation to the epigraph variable .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  temporarily add all registered site-packages directories in the cross state? .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  log   example
truth:  run   run

test:  configure the configuration file and wait for the current thread .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check for minterm[i] has the same number of characters .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  signal handler for a bug that shares the open signal out of the open .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns an tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  takes   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  generate a response name based on a method that is returned to encodings an api .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to temporarily add a delayed to all the classes so that the given delayed names are gone detrending .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  enable   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  ensure that the image <name> exists .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  update config for seconds .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  config   null
truth:  set   http

test:  ensure that a document is a lock .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  record   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to return an iterator of netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on openbsd systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  read and parse path .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  read   read
truth:  expands   null

test:  split data: or environment variables according to the environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  split   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  export the gui from the git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  export   export
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description mapping .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  remove the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  enqueues   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  creates a network and run a list of pairs as a pyramid neural network .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  null   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return the union of the given items .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   in
truth:  combine   null

test:  create public ip address of the application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a single config file location according to the local config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast the given value into .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  trims sequences of slashes chars so we can split slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  produce   unquote
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  accepts a file and then truncate the file named filename to truncate .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  test if the object is in seq .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get memory space for paths not start with the defined args .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi rgb approximation to the left approximation to the 3 .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the rgb values from hex string representation of hex length .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create an image from a png image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   current
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the command and returns its output of the patterns .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full dtype with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator to build resource into the decorated function .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  i have been generated in the function calls to generate a single model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  model   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run command .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  command   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns the aes that is a set of fields in order of size n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update git pylons .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  query   guess
truth:  update   update

test:  this function returns a frame .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  implements   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a list of eventlet that returns a eventlet .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the bokeh command to run the bokeh tool .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the parent version strings .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager for sp .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  context   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return wsgi response code .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  return   use
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add the grid from a list of dicts .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render urls for content .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  error   permission
truth:  render   render

test:  wrapper to select a bug for map backoff - used by libzmq .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  show all []label positions for []label positions .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  show   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  do   null

test:  example of timer .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  test that proportions performs proportions for pairs of proportions performs pairs of pairs of a chisquare test for existing test for pairs of proportions performs a chisquare method is calculated
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  convert a packet .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order differential equation with best coefficients using the method .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorate to decorate a class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return a random subset of the elements from n .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and assert are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  example: {% hook_output insert_editor_css command line after adding a string to the final pi .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  null   value
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for a process to become with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  to   return
truth:  click   click

test:  is a double code code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this function can be used for hypersearch archive development .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of all detected instances contained in a and b .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrap a function to invoke the cost .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  wrap   replacement
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding from the logs to flush association .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  extracts comment comments to find bridge .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  download   try
truth:  given   a

test:  adds an object to the summary escape on a string .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  null   new
truth:  insert   insert

test:  given a dictionary mapping .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a database and calls it in a http response body .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  determines if n is a prime number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  index and return a single image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  form   images
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make sure that computing squares .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   calculate
truth:  list   list

test:  get the combined containing the constant containing the specified parameters types .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disable an ec2 warning .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  register   wrapper
truth:  declares   null

test:  this function has the index .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  function   null
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  alias for a method and returns the basic grid .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   return
truth:  send   send

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  rate   text
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if the permission has more than one .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  returns names for undeclared .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the path .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts unicode values .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get item from a pair of dependencies .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict ascii ascii form .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   stats
truth:  is   null

test:  an matcher of a given step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  match   get
truth:  change   change

test:  gets a dictionary of actions that have been run into a given differences .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check if the given datetime has been renewed .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that scale scale can raise valueerror .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  example: integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual properties of the type specified .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset unittest .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  ip   configuration
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  transform a group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  unicode   decode
truth:  extracts   null

test:  a function that supports the supplied arguments and return a list of positional values .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network packages cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  displays a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace subdirectories palette with color .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  replace   plot
truth:  set   set

test:  test if the object is an instance of a module .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   inspect
truth:  if   checks

test:  ensures that the given module is a valid ip .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  ensures   validate
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  the point after a bug is true .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   grain
truth:  if   null

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  use   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure dataframe are attachment .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  dataframe   groups
truth:  if   test

test:  return true if k is a trie branch .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum find all ports created this branches .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  efficiently compute vertex and stable gamma in chunks .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   matrices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return list of created objects and their values in a dictionary .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of head fixer and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role overrides as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the content *example:* env *example:* code> *example:* :code:<section> this content .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed when skill is allowed to allow internet access to the map in default/person - used for use in default/person network device .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return path to a shell command .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   get
truth:  short   get

test:  yield attribute from the docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  to   replaces
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return negative integer of a contiguous array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  run   return
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   functions
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the installs test suite .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  helper function to ordered list for liftover .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensures that the given bytes passed into the form reader .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  normalizes   resolves
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  join   a
truth:  create   a

test:  like simple having 1 .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  like   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a path into an xml tree .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate encoding for g parameters g : string encoding of text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  write lines of some more lines to text file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  write   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a random user address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts the entropy of evaluated at given python source string .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  writes response to disk if it is not a list of followed by this function .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a function until it does nothing .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  call   call

test:  uses system http metric to examine cyclomatic report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  uses   radon
truth:  runs   runs

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate remote path of this path .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the users is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the contents of a request header and return the contents as a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create minimal matrix of length bsgs bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  validate   base
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given dest .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   generate
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segment cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sure the given file objects from the given string as comments .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorate objects with objects of each dict of objects .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a path uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return three zeros as a .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a ndarray to a list of strings .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated sentence from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check if shuffler attributes are available .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  if   format
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of even elements of two given by even in even .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  read   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts string value to a long safe string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  examples examples .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  square   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   web
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  though the unicode characters .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a bool array whose values are element in x .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert hex color to hex color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a tuple of records from a list of records .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the zone zones on the specified number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read data from frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   checks
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a package that match root of a given files .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  wraps decorator that fail no exceptions thrown by casts .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a mac adapters on windows .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  returns the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  display   display

test:  applies the values of an array with a theseriesisnotregularin%s' geometric matrices .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  header   index
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a function from cached query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  generate entity by name author author .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  crops   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  all uploaded for content-type .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  extracts   decode
truth:  parses   parses

test:  it should extract tags from scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   features
truth:  having   a

test:  return the email address for the current request .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  aux function .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the field is return false .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template parameter dictionary from keys into a numpy array .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  this function parses the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  if the first fields of a field takes a string and returns the first value .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   verifies
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by setting .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply facts objects to a dictionary of parameters .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  computes   migrations
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  helper for creating an http response string as a long-int object .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks what type of .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a few server or list of keys from a postgres server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  string   string

test:  takes a flag and converts it into a fvwi int .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  takes   byte
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  are always show values .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   truncate
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list with recommended names of the exploration has recommended within the context .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test that setting is a bug bug .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--port' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  checks if g is currently being handled by node with a sync node .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  assign   compare
truth:  mark   mark

test:  get a function that returns a read-only registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  parameter to verify that axis' is not a json .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  to   read
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete revision of an master .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  delete   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  find the line number for a line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  find   target
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of user tag from the given object .
truth: add tag . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  it should download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the windows .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users data[key] information for a users data[key] .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   imports
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a sqlalchemy frequency record for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the given function has been rewritten .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper for accessing a capital description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes an ordereddict object and converts it into a dictionary of features that has the following the header .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  get   a

test:  assert that the given condition is true with each string and callable until the condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the current playlist music and determine whether it is no music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   a
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   filename
truth:  stack   stack

test:  initialize python data .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  initialize   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert hex string to trailing / separated by nonstandard .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test that the pep reflects is a list of files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a scheduler job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  start the slice of boundary instances .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  start   nones
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor estate + inheritance .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  returns number of items in albumtotal .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  return   number

test:  get the current database cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a number or a float to a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generates the permutation of the symmetric form of n and numbers .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   x
truth:  base   base

test:  custom page for sorted .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   version
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  replace special chars in subject to datetime .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a list of ints into words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the object contained in this object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  get   try
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check a their common function .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables to function conversions .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  function   mark
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get filename to an existing file .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check if the given scheduler scheduler is enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  validates   validates

test:  add a given role on a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   export
truth:  run   a

test:  return true if address is the link-local all-nodes and address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   return

test:  newer the target with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flush all consistency consistency .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform the os x by looking for a list of numbers .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  transform   get
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   int
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  query all of the projects we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a list of the sql statements used to flush the tables .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  version of check_output which does not throw error .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to a classmethod in a classmethod .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   change

test:  reshape data to match basic data field offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  token   array
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete this image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the leading components of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  creates a url for handlers that matches the specified url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  update   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a standard acl acl string with headers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  python 2 full module given its full path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  null   check
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   a
truth:  github   github

test:  check whether there is a numeric index file .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  rebuild   index
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator that skips a test case of a test case .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sorted sample ids sorted by the data .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  returns   width
truth:  sort   otu

test:  get all top-level layers below the specified target .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a random global factory for reading an global response .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  be   null

test:  compute the total chance from postfix/cleanup .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  compute   sessions
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new callable with the decorated function or class .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  example: {% if numbers or float urls are of a large string .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip the fill file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outline   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if given t is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  takes a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header and translate them into a cookie: .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  this creating a csv object to es2 .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  see   release
truth:  get   get

test:  turn string or bytes to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  text   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test reading an array of images .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  usage: {{ pull request only .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   handle
truth:  return   arguments

test:  extension of a list of module names .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for view requests to detect all requests that should be moved via an api view and applies it .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a simple helper method to get the number of bits .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify a csr and return a cycling device .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  certificate   load
truth:  does   null

test:  construct a list of module commands in the response .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets a child node list for the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  like   like

test:  a 4d implementation that each dimensions in the series/index .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pads   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute a mpmath spaced noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a url to hook into social auth endpoints .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rslices to a single string .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return integer part of the given image .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a small tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the given data is a valid dictionary .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   add
truth:  perform   a

test:  akaike n-length descent samples with small sample data .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to generate a list of home directories in a configuration file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  function   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  split the last word in a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to pass to their arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds useful headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  adds   press
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns a numpy column of the same order .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the matrix to use for the scipy .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  fetch the volume data for db .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  sends   replacement
truth:  return   a

test:  displays sql osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  displays   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  check if value is acceptable .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turns a phenotype file into an iterator of iterator .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this only supports grains .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  a %reset routine that allows inverse hints .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logarithm of the cubic prefix .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  takes the key and returns a :class:~werkzeug that may be passed into a dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the trace of a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  close   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clone a node via linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  delete the flash message in a configuration .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  flashes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  patch -> trace .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  like   like

test:  does for replying .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  module   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode dumps to json so that it can be used in json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  quotes   json
truth:  output   output

test:  create a list of ports on a group with its information .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test updating the meta data file from activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   get
truth:  querying   test

test:  takes specified package specs .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  installs   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  create a config object .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  null   section

test:  quote a string for line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  provides   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  print   print

test:  load a tree tag for a file .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump the distances for a given node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  null   cluster

test:  get an archive name for the given period .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  executes   get
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  null   back
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stop cassandra file and keep monit the monit domain .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache key .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configures out the scenario database .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  configures   features
truth:  null   null

test:  url-encode strings corresponding to lowercase .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract the version of the list .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete one or more given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  if the container is true .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  run all the alert given account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  run   replacement
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a http response response response status code into a response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   python
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json url .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks for given check on the check provided .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kills symbolic dependent via webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  install   install

test:  test if full text is never full table .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return a model for which the qt bound view .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the given directory .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  merge a backup into a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove a single sysctl server .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  joins base64 encoded markup into plain markup format .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  put   a
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user name .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  combine the contents of the block through the two arguments .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  transform   queries
truth:  filter   filter

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  create a fake temp directory .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class name for adjusting lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the return value for the pool pool .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get segment difference for a segment segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a string and returns a list of pattern .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  internal path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  index   path
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  for the given failure .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  function   get
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  truncates truncate fasta file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  list   output
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template context .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best args: kwargs: color : an integer number of term to return returns: a list of term with search document dicts example: .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a function of sequences .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete yank and yank from less than the stderr class .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  to   yank
truth:  run   run

test:  write a set of items to a numpy array with the given file-like object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  tests if a user has an api on a valid window .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  warning: hash function .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  parses the tag that is used by a spec .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   callback

test:  populates timeseries at coords between coords and threshold get_serving_url .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  evaluate   =
truth:  return   corners

test:  return a tuple composed of the routing input .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  i]if : i]if | percent .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  purge   bool
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the contents of the process for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  process   process

test:  get a module object an attribute with a new attribute this function allows you want to parse the attribute name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a pathname of the bundled component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an instance of the serial protocol .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  import   print
truth:  get   get

test:  validate an object .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  function   function

test:  return the oauth2 link to the bokeh urls .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix of a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition in condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   apply
truth:  return   return

test:  extract specified exception into system exception .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  known   imports
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the string name of the current instance .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the region name for the given slug .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a backing cache to the cache set info of the cache to rectified .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper for converting a text to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  null   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a command on a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience wrapper for obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  null   standard

test:  test packagefinder and running a python version .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  test   color
truth:  make   null

test:  add libraries of libraries to the list of libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  add   certificate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  list   image
truth:  return   details

test:  handle entry in result .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  do   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  wrapper around l{twisted .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  given   a

test:  like a place .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns the size of the string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get relative paths relative to a resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the email addresses from a server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a unicode-safe factory .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  like   deserialize
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a helper method to render a file the current instance into the app engine app .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   view
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the path to the shortest endpoints in g .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the git branch for the current machine .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files and records of many answers files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute float mainly for a rational source distribution .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the specified user by the current session .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a bool indicating whether path is a egg instance .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the name of the current user .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  adds an aware datetime to a timezone zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all maxdishes portion of the array .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create password generator .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   a
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  null   null
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test using old api .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the index of a unicode() array to convert text to a numpy array .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  attaches   unicode
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for backward getting the desired powershell cwd the output to execute and ensure that it returns data in json cwd the revision to the command execution .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  function   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a number of graph6 data into a human readable format .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  returns a list of length 0 with the given state and 1 .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides a module if an image is present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   zpool
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  return   post
truth:  patch   patch

test:  a plot object of sequences .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  null   a
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create an platform .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a pip checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  retrieve a snapshot for a snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  serialize   dumps
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  helper function to generate a random item from a course .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  null   source
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a sparse vector into a 2d tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  wait for timeout limited to save it with the whole setting .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  user view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   milestone

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  recursively process items from servers iterables we wont support braces properly used and extract the iterables built by the iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a select query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   append
truth:  function   function

test:  suspend flaw bindings with the nso registry and returns them .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  match   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  fix an instance of work properly .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> binary .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to catch all keyboard values from templates .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  function   use
truth:  allows   null

test:  given a function name .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore python object for a given python code .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  control   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  reference the versioned version of the password to provide using identifier .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  access   return
truth:  null   a

test:  sample configuration .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a createdproject load based on a site .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   get
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file in the given version string .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  search   search

test:  read a list of simpleselection .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  helper function to get the datastore info needed to show the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a string is a valid two-letter id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is true .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select the attribute of the desired attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   get
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of all available ports from the provided instance .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  get   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if player raises false .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  return   help
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  require the user to require a view in admin .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether a table contains filepath or a votable of the filepath .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a new instance from the function calls to the changes in a changes .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  request   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  mill a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current filter module .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return an array of profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with at least one of the last part of the timestamp .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the auth from the given authentication code .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield directories for all directories in this directory and all subdirectories .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the specificed registration registration registration code resolves to the specificed v2 .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  look   null

test:  convert a list of clauses into a symbol .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  find mapreduce information .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test raw equalization of raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   estimation
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  do not delete indentation .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  do   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  register a backup .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   null

test:  create a base64 encoded data to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate operating for sublime packages via the dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the output length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  emulate   space
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  validate cookies cookies for given sqlalchemy cookie .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a generator base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if rhs is being both left and is .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  compare   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  ensure that all plugins are available .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  ensure   scan
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page if title is display .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensure hour works correctly when galactic related off mapping "s" with probability frames .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   box
truth:  tests   tests

test:  we have to allow the given step to properly support .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given course parameters using managing variable .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the given value is an integer .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  determines   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the restricted list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests if the topic method is added to the right forum .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instanceactionapi class configured using the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run django tests using a single python runner .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  null   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the channel in the platforms order is icps .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  instantiate a class with the given arguments .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  serve {% microsite_css_overrides_file %} .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  widgets   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  renders a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the hidden endpoint modules in the hidden place using the volunteer .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  code   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  gets the random file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  add a deprecation for a protocol number using peer_info .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   css
truth:  initialize   null

test:  initialize a new reference value .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  define   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from the specified file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render a document feature expressions .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the unique matching of the given matching matching minion .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clade -> a polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   split
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate wrapper of src .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  command   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  set the list of all json data to a fits file .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   data

test:  check for an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  check   null
truth:  email   email

test:  get global and scans options .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  output   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the bose partitions platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns current hostnames value from the logical error .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the number of difference between two strings .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handle the request from an basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  remove   handle
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  helper for fnc .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  prefixes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the session setting setting for current site .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   get
truth:  search   search

test:  predicate for _group_ranges .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  is   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks with project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate shape[n] of a single dimension of n .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   support
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  split the string into a python string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  check if a process is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  utf-8   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  safe safe .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  return   a

test:  start a page wrapper .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  is   get
truth:  requests   requests

test:  given a sentence iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rotation matrix with upper .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  export summaries to summaries based on the 127 .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   shell
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an object to this s3 location .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  uploads   split
truth:  upload   a

test:  get pyrax information .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  query into a user object and none for the user .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tries to run keys in given namespace and return its namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the swiss hydrological platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  make a path exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load social backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  load   backend
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a random subset of lorem ipsum matrix .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  build a list of parameters to build a list of parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterable of for each node of the classes .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert image to the image array or aws objects .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   convert
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the named user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compute linear unit with sparse matrix very elements of a tensor .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  returns a castra chart with an dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the next ordering from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  return   logs
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module that will be moved to include all own directories as appropriate .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  executes a network with a given option .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  log   transform
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  strip the username and user from a string .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  strip   ansi
truth:  return   return

test:  return the position of the first language with a different language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  return   return
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  copy an file-like object to pelican .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a "generated book to a specified ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that adds the header object to the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure lambda function keywords can compile functions .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this html snippet to be used as html .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  url   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the ssh key for the managed window .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  this function returns none to store the given database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle root of the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merges the text without splitting words into a single string .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a cache key for the given argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  compute   directory

test:  quick -> capital .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  join   null
truth:  if   null

test:  initialize a file descriptor for testing .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  shutdown privileges .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  token   security
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns an iterable of all xml elements .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return current database object .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  return   get
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the named image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url from the current url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  takes a multi-line to expands decrementing by index tensors .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function for computing interpolation .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   value
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders that are files' during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator factory for refresher .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  create a dict representation of a javascript file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  test if locale is installed .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  fetches the list of x with given type .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  mimics tuples from an array with shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the path to a user web2py identity object .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  create   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether repo_url is read-only a taskproxy repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  check that datetimes works correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   planck
truth:  null   null

test:  convert star to python tc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a python-like fdel implementation for the given topic .
truth: like @property . 
test:  return   email
truth:  like   like

test:  respond with the tempfile .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the r-ary graph of the given tournament graph g .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates and signs the given cookies .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  use   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  purge   method
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  uploads an object from the upload file .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  runs   op

test:  example string from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   null
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  return a decorator with the server in an already exists .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the latest certificate from config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute a pickle pickle method .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract the zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure that the named vm is absent name the name of the target to remove res[name] : boolean print the host to be absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a mapping of options .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path of a mock *subdirs .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   vector3
truth:  transform   transform

test:  converts a string for bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  turns   decode
truth:  make   null

test:  list all inline membership from the metadata for a node .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified users is absent name the name of fileset .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test that model to be generated using the provided model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  transform   test
truth:  to   try

test:  runs the given expression with the given js module and returns a string of the names .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  image input input input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  is ansi 3998 version of regression .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  is   tests
truth:  url   url

test:  turns a python object into a mock response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a function in a future .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the standard deviation for the given creation_sequence .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop directories with given path .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  convert an item from an item into a floating point number .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines at the given comment string .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   master
truth:  show   status

test:  create a new view_types uri .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  create   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  try to return a list of executable .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the shortest block of images .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   permutations
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to pickle the pickled metadata from an object file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a disconnecting a filesystem .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure @roles test cases defined in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a appears from a slice into a cause version string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a 3d down matrix .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   edges
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions for a given list .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  transform unconstrained vector parameters unconstrained : array of points of points in likelihood .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  finds   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find program found in the directory .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   program

test:  method factory .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   update
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if locale is supported enough .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return class with an arbitrary base class for a type .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  rebuild   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   split
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if filename is a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  gets   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  id are properly registered in the bytecode library .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  show the version information about twisted about twisted .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   a
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorates non-naive sensors .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  records   null
truth:  view   view

test:  transform the binomial function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a python object from the data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  flask   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return system memory usage by name .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  allocate   null

test:  wrapper for namespace with namespace crash .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  determine what part of pivot is correct .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns style array like et x .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  returns   project
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function returning a single argument .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  generate a full tool shed tool for a given tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts a nth exception to an exception .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  mask statuses: to numeric array .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  mask   replaces
truth:  return   a

test:  for either 1 .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  content   content

test:  parse length of an length of owners spaces .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  indentation   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  add sample coefficients to sample distributions for each sample in the sample .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit points from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   square
truth:  read   read

test:  format string in raw .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  url   null
truth:  return   a

test:  print a status code to stderr and return its error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   dummy
truth:  error   error

test:  return a generator that returns r .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse definition config[ config[ config[ bar .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return the widening centrality using the computational model .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  print some usage information .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  main entry point .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  return   return

test:  from djangos efficient .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether imagemagick/convert is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if the path is a query of the media: cleaning .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  function   function

test:  turns an int into ordinal string and kwargs are always returns a normalized string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  turns   round
truth:  convert   integer

test:  general test for a script .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  null   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the loglikelihood nobs : int number of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  combine markdown flags and sorts markdown .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  flags   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decodes a function to debug on debug level .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return the laplace associated with an adatetime .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  finds   instance
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test the given model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  test   text
truth:  show   show

test:  take an input code and a list of error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  take   test
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a larger service is joined .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask the app .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  leave   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the qr craft of an object .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return strings of an array of second coefficients .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a wrapper around django .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current defined mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  null   get
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return list of services from service cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a host string to a single host .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create partial plugins to which to run the branch .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to generate a recarray item from a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  construct something from the intercept and try to be a command .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  attribute   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parse rfc2617 encoded timestamp into a dict .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a copy of the forward with a global column or local datastore .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a unicode object .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  send   unicode
truth:  guess   guess

test:  remove all commits from a remote repository .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  safely raise a file raise a directory if it file .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate package install dependencies for git dependencies .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  installing   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  convenience function for matplotlib backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a message in the rest of the message .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  expands   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate partial lines of a list of tuples .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  format   a

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  check each require the latest version .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  null   helper

test:  attempt to parse an event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  do   event
truth:  given   null

test:  add or compiles exp to l{type_map} .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  add   return
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id stop ajax ajax only .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop consuming from task queue .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  tell   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about the response .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  return   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  takes a list of chars with a string .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  adds   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  join two pandas jobs and return output .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   default
truth:  join   operation

test:  python 2 and the datastore lines .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a logger with the current order' strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   strategy

test:  retrieves a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return true if the function stream is valid .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  go   null
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two dicts .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   in
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the gzip file .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   statement_list
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a phyloxml .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  do not have the date blocks for all the nodes in the course specified by the course module .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of batches .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to ensure a function always returns public accessible on publicly objects .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm structure from the network number .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  encode file at filename and return its base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a test suite for a given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an tmux ~/ file object to the existing directory .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  write   a

test:  this is enabled into the current request configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  null   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalizes each value of n' convolutional permissions to gain the values in suds .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  pick   window
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  function   create
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a path matches one or more file named patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  add a node to the specified application node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  writes datachars to the writer server .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   unescape
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  retrieves or translate user from default url and returns a string with the default roots and calendar field .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check the vlan to network interface name .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  generator function to generate a single date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  function   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse and return a dictionary of attribute names are list of attribute names and exists .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a dictionary to a distributed dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run the repository dialog .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  odds : return the leading coefficient of a .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return action type based on the action type .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  call   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a timezone instance to a string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add add to the module .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  marks another instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a repository to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the current androids output for a client .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of standard u'module' headers .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the current input dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be instantiated .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   submissions
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  return   node
truth:  cache   cache

test:  stores a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  create   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   workflow

test:  returns a tuple representation of the libcloud offsets into a single file handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  context   parses
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove all databases databases to the server cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   return
truth:  save   null

test:  apply markdown image to html scripts .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  decodes a path into a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a node pair from ec2 .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  does not have a valid cursor for all weighted ips that are sent .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  results   a
truth:  finds   participants

test:  determine a color for a given color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  determine   error
truth:  ask   null

test:  the number of bits in a square integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a hash of a string and return a sha1 hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create an os .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  strip a file path from a given directory .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten an entry .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  forces stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit update text to invoke .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   address
truth:  header   header

test:  delete chkconfig service via /etc/init cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   version
truth:  given   a

test:  plot plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check that the graph g is a status .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of list into a list of tuples .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a value to int .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  return true if the repository should be either a repository or false .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the current filter in incremental path to the file detected by appropriate path .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   a
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   rheader
truth:  null   resource

test:  set server servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  set   percent
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description publish trend command .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define binary resources .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  for two numbers .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test icons cache .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  return   change
truth:  sets   property

test:  this makes sure that the authenticated content model .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  migrate   no
truth:  connect   connect

test:  transforms a multinomial series or layer3 .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  request   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  decorator to return the exact unique selector for a given element .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  to   a
truth:  use   use

test:  provides the number of its byte array .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the pager edit the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  list   list

test:  loads and returns {}save refers to pickle file .
truth: open history . 
test:  skip   format
truth:  open   history

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  read config file from path .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  config   return
truth:  read   read

test:  grab or update the current axes and :class:dict the next 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install a shell docker docker docker docker docker docker docker timeout .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the root of a file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if and only if the given minc is not available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy data from files to another directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  copy   source
truth:  file   file

test:  utility function to remove a file filename .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  internal helper function to validate a string containing a string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  string   validates
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the maker .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for a given process .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  install server calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  pending   starting
truth:  is   null

test:  given a sitemap build .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  null   locale
truth:  build   build

test:  add protobuf types to a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  add a plot on a single image axis .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  add   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  fetch a data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  send   send

test:  run a named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  evaluate   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether x is a repeatable group .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  is   return
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  translate a source string into a list of unix pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  translate   search
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an absolute path to the directory named filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if data_start is a expo .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  centers version of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   view
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a key .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  extract   parse
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  function   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar from square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   location
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  provides an image notification from the image and an image visibility .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  renders   null

test:  context manager to correct eliot an n-length web page .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  start   a

test:  edit edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  encrypts   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  makes sure that the will sleep is easy to the given elasticsearch .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  identity with first form a select header .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  split   node

test:  dot product of two elements .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the setting setting for channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the cartesian matrix of given matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  init   null
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first message after the process is shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  read a file suite from the build file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   source
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a function to handle various setting for resources .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask for a list of files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  plots   command
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for operation to be updated .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of websites with exponent .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return as a list of sequences .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an currently selected stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  show data retrieved from database .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  show   return
truth:  get   get

test:  creates an item from items .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a page with instructor status message .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  project   a
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed limit for given road segments .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the app_label for all installed models .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return location if given value is list or array_like .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all associations that have been associations .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  renders the given markdown string to be rendered .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   like
truth:  null   quote

test:  formats a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to set the protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   add
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for the provided user and the list of completed attribute names .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an privileges instance from a model instance .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the same name for dob .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload project to id .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  check if a module has been valid .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   credentials

test:  make a service call to the named service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple exception .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   error
truth:  sends   a

test:  test if layer of simple plotting responses .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  approximate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to obtain an installed versions and returns its installed versions .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   status
truth:  grab   drac

test:  determine the path to an active command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  retrieves the notification notification for given course and returns the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  running the atomically will run only specified scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  select the metadata for the specified item in the unwrapped .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  select   permissions
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd on subtd .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program for an action using the action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears a function by implements it on the dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  download data about the api about the given service url or update terms of the new-style api about the request .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  builds   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return the jobs for all models .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  x is a single kernel x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the default data contained in data .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  return   get
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check a list of docker length 1 .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   layers
truth:  destroy   a

test:  checks for given permissions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  given   script
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  set the key to get latest property for a given file .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  set   a
truth:  map   map

test:  adjust workers and the resulting table from remote .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  moves   columns
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a query separated by a query .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  read graph .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the given function fails to return before the timeout with a timeout; .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs metagenomeseqs normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  performs   deseq2vs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run python tests to represent a list of coverage agent .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   notification
truth:  returns   returns

test:  count the number of items in the human readable by float .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  count   matching
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of numpy .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  attribute   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  initialize out the server configuration .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  required   items

test:  return the push registry registry for a docker registry registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   image
truth:  push   push

test:  list all routing interface for <= interface .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  list   ip
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  retrieves the default series from a python question code .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  extracts   function
truth:  get   get

test:  composes an entry point for api section of an api pid section .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns false if the value is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  purge   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  for a user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  set   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move swap line of where using shell-like icons .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the file number of settings containing the files .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test equalization of eeg channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   channels
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry thermostat .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  return an iterator of edges in breadth-first-search table .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check that network configuration file is exactly one .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  verify socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  verify   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances for a return instances of an instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a depth first search wrapper .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   a
truth:  depth   depth

test:  return a list of cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  list all help help files to a list of project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  default   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this is unicode to bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a helper function to get the irc convolution files in module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  is   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  run all instances for the specified image .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  enable   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line at least squares whitespace in list .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   return
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits in the extruder .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service in /proc .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns alarm alarm for target ids .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  see function .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  function   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  get qurl input from a pull url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine whether the given name is a dictionary mapping command names to their associated commands .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  determine   name
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy for theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  activate   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the name of the current machine .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  extracts   current
truth:  get   get

test:  escape articles .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  get a list of acceptable ips and their private data .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   register
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  perform any masquerading sent over the following pushes .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  command   i
truth:  have   i

test:  find tables for static strings .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a sse2 name into a human readable .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  constructs   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to load a python modules from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  helper function to do any original sorting order to look up the original elements .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  executes a critical function from the given critical .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  helper function prints a value for display information .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  function   null
truth:  print   print

test:  initializes a student by their students model .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type name .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   path
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial g of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get beautifulsoup package listing listing apps listing apps .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  read   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sends a room to the appropriate v1 token .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates gradient metadata for a mongoreplicasetclient .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  sum   transform
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add legend with metric to the given following ticks .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  add   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  takes a user and returns the students that the course is valid .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts the text to a byte string .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  converts   encode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initialize the local command line and return the local target .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote shell and execute it only if a watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  get an aws key from an iam key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the natural mean of the entropy of the patch function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  read in the package lock .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  read   update
truth:  list   current

test:  returns a sqlalchemy query object has the specified query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert some tokens in json format to list of tokens .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loops through _get_submissions_score and return featured pathname .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page url param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieves the list of js enrollment for the course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns filename for a resource .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  scan tid: and annotation .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  scan   args
truth:  null   args

test:  this is a simplified method to find the egg that can be assigned to a git distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  is   return
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should have at first tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  features   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data from the given data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  url   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the actual printer path name from a ctypes file name .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  gets   windows
truth:  use   windows

test:  internal helper function used by measures the corresponding root directory .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  fill   files
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object or more hosts change from the slaves .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we dont crash if an level level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   properties
truth:  get   a

test:  make sure that we can run tests and :class:version returns a decorator .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  iterate   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render jinja environment with jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  renders   imports
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  download an image from the file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   add
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the position in a position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a new tenant with an json .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirect alternate emails page .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  instantiate   notification
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value from a list of vectors .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  create a standard example code to a standard example module .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  helper for dissimilarity version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  copies the path to a .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot ignored between *rmin* and end .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  server   equivalent
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a list of indices with the given index .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  unified   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   function
truth:  display   display

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  event for updating copy .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  check a string for cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  check   integer
truth:  cast   a

test:  determine the api calls for the highest review request .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get a client to change configuration .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  the hash of a pixel-by-pixel object .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  accept   state
truth:  computes   a

test:  removes messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  form   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send email after full email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this tamper script works * mysql notes: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  converts all network usage by an userdata to the resolves model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  view to verify that the redirect backend is actually being created via login .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   lx
truth:  gets   null

test:  compute the number of track fields so that they can use with spaces to truncate .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  permutes   indexing
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt print input to sys .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  sets   replaces
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates string .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of template names for a specific template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for api methods on a specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host processes for sphinx purposes .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  mark a character randbelow .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing feature lists .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the template tag for a template .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  needed   action
truth:  create   create

test:  return a clique ring .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  generate a message message message message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  run a test connection .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  run   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add node to the pairwise path .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  compute the frac of the normal value .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the box for invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a allow for the github-release config object .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options to search for str .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return information on a specific port cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  package   package

test:  mo upon string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  regex   individual
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  helper function to return the ccx field and sets the mongodb data on a particular course .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  make a aware datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate the md5 sum of a string .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  define   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  wrapper for creating entry for old .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all volume specs for given volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  sphere the given ceil(x) .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   user
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register pelican signal for validating content after a new tag .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   register
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse "legacy" .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  regression test for symmetric or numpy array of different or numpy array of transform the version string .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  test   error
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the percentage of swift f functions .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  compute   truncate
truth:  null   null

test:  publish a child object to a parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  publish   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to a resources reference .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of urls in an array with monomials listing the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  get json object of the http server .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  delete comment methods for given unit .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  offset   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  determine if the root directory is mobile_available .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add to the drivers role for py .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  install   install

test:  process whether the given value is a valid action function .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   verifies
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometryoutput output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address to an ipv4 address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  sets   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  return information about an compute vms id of a vm this requires some filtering to retrieve the required vms virtual machine .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a base directory .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure that we can be moved to something .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a specific tar variable with the specified name cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the value of a method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch lyrics engine from candidate .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb files from path .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  returns a dict of text from a frame of a function .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  to   try

test:  turns a package name into a dictionary .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  turns   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get protected view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a raw base64 encoded dec to utf-8 dec .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  stream   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  a simple wrapper around defaults to be used for logging .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   array
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   task
truth:  update   collections

test:  like pathexpansion .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  like   enable
truth:  if   null

test:  nibble nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask if operation should proceed; askquestion if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix multiplication .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test using makernote .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  using   custom
truth:  test   test

test:  returns => key for this key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate permissions of a loop in the list of previous loop tree .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  verifies   ship
truth:  if   check

test:  run a file .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a files to a kwarg .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining time for a start date and a start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   formats
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random layer of float numbers into 2 classes using logistic regression with tanh layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a rows .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts the json data to a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   json
truth:  converts   a

test:  import any python hook using docker-py .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the tag to be enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a floating bits .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  runs a single command .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function applies a 2-d image with a 2d tensor .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  assert cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  assert   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  common function to store an existing inventory in the cached inventory .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  function   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne extreme .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if a signal is vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  get an identity parameter size .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  return   return

test:  args: xml file wrapper for valid xml text string .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  command   python
truth:  parse   parse

test:  translate an application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   error
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate occurrences of an emissions symbol based on a dict and applies them to facilitate for localization .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the permissions the given objects and cache its permissions .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  get   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a service client that will client with the given test settings .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   check
truth:  create   a

test:  for beta argument names .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the apply value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  error   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a generator to get globfind nodes in the directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line with an empty serie .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  looks   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return an image in file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  return   try
truth:  adds   null

test:  conversion text info from tsv response .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  text   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   returns
truth:  db   db

test:  data should return a duplicate data for a github file representing soup' .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases using positive positive cases .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if the given model is callable .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a queryset with the rest of master widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match the on-disk file ceased to exist after the on-disk file ceased to run and on-disk file ceased to hold the on-disk file ceased
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a compiler compiler module return the name of the module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   find
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove an notification subscription from source on a file .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  internal helper for copy_reg to attach the certificate to a certificate .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test cycles with and without zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parses an additional config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  return   options
truth:  read   read

test:  test that the inheritance class getting multiple edges in the filename .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache file name .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for *newdir* cut and no cms pipeline .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the comment tag for the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split the first list of tuples into a list of tuples .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   sentences
truth:  given   a

test:  cancel a list of time series into a time .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  removes headers from a response from the specified response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  issues   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function that returns the correlation model .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  project   correlation
truth:  simulate   a

test:  return a list of paths of all the paths of the git checkout .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile level .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test advanced logging .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  x 2d fft pergr .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads the given filename to the quotas .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a delete service to nova cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  after dim .
truth: hold election . 
test:  docstring   current
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test for running commands .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the current machine from the device .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   volume
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  helper function which asserts whether there is a specific header instance or a full header .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  function   function
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert subtasks subtasks to task .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  determines   number

test:  extract extra messages from a valid :class: .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  extract   dependencies
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  inserts an image from the lib components into the given list of dependencies .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  inserts   get
truth:  generates   a

test:  get all users tuples that have the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all slave ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  see if the path does not exist in question .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  package   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the number of original linkage that are not a number of y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the current image .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  get   get
truth:  take   a

test:  set the type of the values that use an ip address does not exist .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   key
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make sure that the given array are equal to small too {block .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  sets   array
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  run resnet-152 on a user .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  module   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  restart previously registered queries via cache .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of paths to be removed .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  returns   everything
truth:  defined   list

test:  format a color color of a complex color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  format   hex
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for += exists and through the heatmap python 2 .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a user exists on the current backend .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  to   a
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  decorator which can be used as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   add
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns tuple of /etc/portage/package limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  normalized   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  convert date/time of a datetime value to a datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step value for its value .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the elements of a set of hosts .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  run   convert
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register the home y_{t-1} widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some language: are no external issues .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   github
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the name of the command .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  render we can keep links with html .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  convert an object to an array .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  converts   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  show tool keys for all tool from tool .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  show   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper to generate wrapper for embedding .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function creates a upload summary as a report .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  function   view
truth:  upload   executive

test:  for each file filename .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock python mock file .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  pass   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that attribute exceeds an object also verifies the properties of a properties and its results in any case .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  providing   verifies
truth:  to   null

test:  checks a database is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete an object from the database .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  wraps matrices in merging .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a aruba scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a command .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   return
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get geometry output from async output .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  construct a suitable resource application path from the cache folder .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read a 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  url   count
truth:  count   count

test:  a == true .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  get a list of dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   current

test:  build messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  build   options
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this script is used with a model and the dummy data .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  code   filename
truth:  test   test

test:  convert optdict value into an existing query parameters .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  does   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer value .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code for a users .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   user
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the training training jupyterhub topic .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  converts the password distance to a string of name .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  return true if descriptor is msvcrtreturn .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country codes from the given zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve a bcachex .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  convert   pick
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure timeit is saved .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  a slightly entry point points to a python number .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  turn   show
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete an existing job .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  create an folders of folder folders in a list .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  cd sdist returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  push   host
truth:  build   sdists

test:  return a list of attachment objects .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return normalized version of 1 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared join user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  when we are saved .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  create an :class:acl 64-bit implementation of data .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  create   html
truth:  build   a

test:  slugs all old page with given path .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  null   title
truth:  checks   page

test:  copies all methods in the pypi .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that are missing credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a decorator for setting every variations of virt queues .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  find a template template string in the template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the analysis on axis .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the old scale of the null of a hermitian .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  compute   variables

test:  tests for simulating informative tensor reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  tests   url
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for benchmarks that require multiple arguments at *node* .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom members into the most recent commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the pdb stable stable algorithm .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  compute   running
truth:  returns   a

test:  when a footer is to read official .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  shows   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy all source nodes in a given target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   source
truth:  copy   a

test:  test every text in test cases .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of titles titles from line .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  check whether a strings is of a valid paragraph value .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a m[p] innermost check .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function to create and return a single version of sys .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  convert float to integer .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user to a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a compound compound type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a fetch url to the admin server .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  sends   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a good time to configure custom headers .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  pick the data from a file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  loads   mr

test:  returns the similarity of the given sequence of bits .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  implements   implements

test:  utility function for setting two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to get an os .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service is not available in /etc/init .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  launch data for padding grades .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that formats datetimes as iso8601 format .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   default
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a static command-line tool with supported item .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a full system upgrade upgrade get a full system if not installed before installing stats with the .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  turn on the image into underscores .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  connect   string
truth:  url   url

test:  this is a set of the given number .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  is   calculate
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  mask mask to generic layer .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  mask   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   interface_details
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) from the color(s) in particular order on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   html
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve true if pid is registered .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  algorithm   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the list of attribute and its children for .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   assertionerror
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse the command line arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  function   input
truth:  input   input

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  find user headers whose dict includes the given headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list of all left tuples .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move text with text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  text   text

test:  calculate a new network model with a uuid from a container .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add messages to post messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the response types for an sqs .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  bins bins which match tokenlists executable in one of the base bases .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  bytes   sequences
truth:  bins   bins

test:  find the first node in right command line .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finds   null

test:  register a list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the default app tasks .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   task
truth:  setup   worker

test:  returns the version of values in a version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given iterable is an arbitrary one .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the name of a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture to setup a mock bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute x values between x and a np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test against pinv(x) .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  string   css
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a dictionary of info['fields'] field from a resource schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register a new instance of the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the list of indices by a set of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  compresses   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return the target that isnt lost .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   append
truth:  returns   returns

test:  easy downhill of thread .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  config   key

test:  abort a bunch of messages .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an timestamp to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  simple factorial to generate .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving user in a user works on a new user .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  safely converts a clsid into the corresponding target .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches the like these are not too long .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   facet
truth:  checks   checks

test:  turns on eui-64 of mount points .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  execute the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle ~ register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   control
truth:  control   control

test:  computes the matplotlib/tk encoded using 2147483647 and return the base64-encoded hash value .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a internal property with a cascading attribute set to a cascading property of the original name in the class with a cascading attribute .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  internal helper function to update timestamp .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  null   value
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  'request response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  callback   page
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  yield successive n-sized for an iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  nested   null

test:  calculate a set of sequences from the training .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create and return the list of values from the given field .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that bad setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the object corresponding to a given db .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances between *min_* .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch generator .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   init
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  convert a validator to a string .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate fitness for testing purposes .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  public interface .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  simple function to run a dict of tuples .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  format   null
truth:  if   null

test:  login the repository will try to support disabled to the repository .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  pending   set
truth:  log   in

test:  creates a message to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  split a string using a leading specifier and return a list with a string .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  split   duplicate
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an total graphs if graphs is passed .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds arg to a arg .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  like markdown but returns the url to be used in an inherited description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  copy   description
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads python file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  execute   attempt
truth:  bundled   load

test:  load metadefinitions from database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  return true iff the reactors values are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return case of markdown text from path .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  produce   function
truth:  text   text

test:  add proportions to values in nobs test definitions .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  run   size
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the number of n random numbers .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object from a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  signs   a

test:  decide which user has the permission to be requested .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of users on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a word from a network interface string .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  itemfield filter for a given user filter on a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  return a user factory function to verify that the host is being installed .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate an event list for use as a date .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can be used for a test case of global tests .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  provide data from an org command .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  format   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  compatibility helper function using correct case for programmer and assign the same correct .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a dict containing details of function-group names and values of the given name .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the global colors of the current existing image .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of a file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons and crack attributes on value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  to   value
truth:  perform   a

test:  writes a config to the temporary directory .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  change   create
truth:  store   information

test:  returns the bounding percentage based on upload files .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  convert   features
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if host is valid .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add some package names to the pkgs server .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  return a json object .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  exception handler for djangos response .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   temporary

test:  copy environment variable and update all environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given class name is an instance of the given urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the first text to match dict of text objects account as they appear in the hexstring .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  dictionary   init
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then the base64 encoded key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the requested vm sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get an internal display spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the type instance .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  resets   a

test:  given a string of classified commands .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  function   try
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr from evoked .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   snr
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager which adds a temporary cwd .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  read an image from a url and return the feed .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  load   image
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for a audio service to a dict .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   python
truth:  let   null

test:  takes a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a dragonfly timestamp to a string in iso 8601 format .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice comment_posted for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  get current numeric environment .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  flatten to convert lists of objects to transform .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete a transaction .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a dictionary of info from a api .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the latest changectx manifest for a repository manifest from the repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  resolve the lc_messages code of a python int .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test that we find a string with custom lists .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until a requeststatus has a given name .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   file
truth:  request   power

test:  get the name of the current user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   like
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes an int and returns a list of int .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read plain 32-bit items using the plain 32-bit count .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  null   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  test that a client can be used by the given client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the string with lowercase converted to a regular expression .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  latex   convert
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return path to the disk file system .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  given   windows
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  returns a string representing the pants version of pip .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the default flipwritable command .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  perform a bcachex provider names of bcache to the glances .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   /dev
truth:  null   null

test:  based on url .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  based   up
truth:  nested   merge

test:  generate the source with the given length and optionally delete a new one .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   read
truth:  enter   null

test:  potential potential compatible port on a name which is unique to run within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip the schema that match the element(s) .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   changes
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a astroid node and register it from the local node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a fixture which provides a test suite from the test suite .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  remove xml id from the shellcode id .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  string   str
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns token of an http cookie .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  token   get
truth:  given   a

test:  set wcs of a frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return an absolute template with the given data .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a axes *ax* the yaxis *ax* sharing object .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  return   return
truth:  make   a

test:  return the indices and the first element in an order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively sort s3 .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   version
truth:  to   iterator

test:  find all controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  scan   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a string running on a phone number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a custom 2d operator type_qualifier_list conditions .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change in another dict .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  populates a template variable with the basket for the given object .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves a rational differential equation with the given differential equation a rational function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solves   calculate
truth:  null   a

test:  test some advanced maths .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  running   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  formats the yaml table value for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   string
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a mock response with swapcase(s) versions of hashed .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  download   endpoint
truth:  mock   mock

test:  change data to a form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic channel format function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check a xml config with the uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel finds and builds pip wheel .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test adding binary data to modules which is saved .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  for this name of the root cache object from the cache you to has the complex you .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the named user has been present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get basename plugin paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return json object from http server .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  return true if the variable points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read a block file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  this function counts a string using accepting a valid list of patterns .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  function   version
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a list of all enabled templates .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  rendering   shows
truth:  -   -

test:  given an exploration id .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  do a highpass need to call a highpass object .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  compute   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  save denied items .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  save   edit
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a list of values .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  response -> discrete initialize response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  gets required size of trivial sqlite format in response .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  gets   query
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a string from a influxdb influxdb units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all the available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test regressor .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a data_query_tz url .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   use
truth:  convert   a

test:  import a package name .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install and execution a lock of the environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  do   null
truth:  install   django

test:  a demonstration of configuration .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  config   image
truth:  set   gl

test:  if we are using py .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  mail   try
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a attribute of a particular object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  create   replacement
truth:  to   null

test:  context manager to unicode .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  install the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  install   app
truth:  setup   setup

test:  connect to a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  fail a tensor to load an fail if a tensor is a tensor .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  check   number

test:  returns the information of the given list .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  usage   usage

test:  1dbuggy distances of distances .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  report   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper to handle a step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  choose all of the given color to the response .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  returns debugging frame information .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of the file in the directory .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reverse the given value of n .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  display   n

test:  builds a string which sums a :term:view sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the normalize-space will be checked for a pair .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  format   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a full features in the object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random integer of length secret .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the directory where pid is installed .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   try

test:  return a configured lxc file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string arguments to a file .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  add tenant/user message to a list of strings and create a dict of followed by returner .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from a url to geometry and user .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  add post_delete extra source_index to the current mapping .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is no lock to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  release   release

test:  this view is used to render a view template into outputtmpl django .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate project with the given id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  return   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due table of course content to a given course .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove an virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the current attribute of the password .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   sentry
truth:  function   function

test:  load a pickled object .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   handler
truth:  read   data

test:  return the manifest to store a package manifest .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  return   key
truth:  null   routine

test:  take the messages into the backend requests and remove loaded messages from the backend .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  form   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get the shortest date on a datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate list of bulk discussion entries and save it to the organism .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean digest from the raw password .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds xrds setting from the system .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  null   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merges if the results into a drafts .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only return if hiera is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from a single image .
truth: grab image . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send send request info .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  decode one event object .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  send   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the given question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get the json file and reads the json .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the simulation intervals from an array of x along an array at index raised in the specified index tensor .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculates   indices
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves the value for a deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return those and trailing generators of a 2d ndarray .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the objects assigned to a system .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   key
truth:  set   set

test:  produce extendfrac spacing with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  etc up a valid memory label .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test to make sure the quantity column of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build a value for the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  run   a
truth:  check   check

test:  construct a standard asset asset according to the given asset asset .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  check   check

test:  download a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  download   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string from a unicode object .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the function optimizer .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a new array of arbitrary parts .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the handler for current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  stack   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging logging as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if the specified path is a file .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  return   scan
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  define a case using the accompanying case of typea this is called in csharp .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  define   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return the first host dict .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a list of paths which a package and all its correctly handles .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for api methods to mark a test as only if the function is only present .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  insert useless levels from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  map   a
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a human-readable term to use the current database .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return the list of images tags .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  hidden   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process arma process parameters ar : array_like the activation process for one-hot ar : float process of arma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   trigger
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this creates an x509 context .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a keyfile device using ssh reports .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  apply an object to the correct template .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it should extract the length of the scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  locate out a deconstructs .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  clean   root
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission to allocate on a given user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the status of the given code code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  test   ip
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a bitmap .
truth: return blit . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  return   return

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  see   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  widget compute weight for selected weight .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  flask   compute
truth:  adds   null

test:  show the md5 kernel to determine the initial kernel using a given tanh .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  swap   polynomial
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if freebsd is freebsd .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups that have been marked as the last time .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  count   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the desired variance of a test based on frozen arg .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  correlation   compute
truth:  run   run

test:  create an even extension of x along an axis extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the getcdlistdir directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid stats .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   disconnect
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the cache for handlers .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining description strings .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video filter subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   new

test:  build lines of a remote host .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  build   null
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  converts a given cpu number to the corresponding cpu units .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the list of attributes of a string in the package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the current profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return package to a module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  return the sequence of distance between two numbers .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an programmatic resource with file-like object .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads a file or a upload image to the excluded directory .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   view
truth:  uploads   a

test:  you can see labeled role without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get logger id .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  send email information about user .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  email   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  return an ascii bytes for use when a terminal .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the given l{bbindex} is present .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  send   configuration
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all dict representation of an prototype so that git-colas attribute values .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   replaces
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory unless it does not exist .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the asymmetric shape of the given array .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the learning graph object prepared for the current graph .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  unicode unicode to json string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  object   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  default   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  split a string in list .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  split   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  post to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   put
truth:  to   post

test:  returns the string hash for the given sql and return a childnodes that matches any configured queries replaced with a string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  inserts   returns
truth:  hash   hash

test:  returns shared elements of shared by the current item with the given salt scale .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  returns   bdd
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find a file in a directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage for a function that is enabled .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  a version of underscores .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  swap   compute
truth:  transform   a

test:  a template tag that returns the url to a file using staticfiles storage backend .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  template   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the global value of the current thread .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  add an image to the accepted image .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  add   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new random rng method .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decorate function which prints a traceback message .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: 'pathignore' uses/requires the 'pathignore' 'ruby-class' url for a build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current colormaps colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema on the specified host .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   create
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator for .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the random environment for native environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  return the output of a batch of shape .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  obtains   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  attempts to get a list of child format from a given parent id .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  simplified   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dont find rows after a single table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  call   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  format a decimal datetime .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  open   method
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   apply
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  this function will return a table that will replace all data to have completed .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  function   links
truth:  build   a

test:  sends a file to guess the provided filename .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove all page or reflected page to retrieve urls for the given page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  indent   post
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieve a redirect to the user be logged by the app .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  retrieve   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the credentials in this context has been done on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  test column of every element in column columns .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   fake
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the given pattern matches all ratings .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  test if the test is not empty .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate over configuration and set it to the connection .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  iterate   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  container_type of the neural coefficient .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack a connection to a siocgif* vdi .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  show   undo
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if mac_string is not a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  check whether size is a valid file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom bar by each original bar stack .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a scalar .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an iterator to a maximum of left .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  add a new project to the figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  add   a
truth:  display   display

test:  a helper function to determine if the bulkloader of a square matrix .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  expects a base path for the given letter .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  a sphinx name .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   null

test:  create a raw hash of the specified key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  create   replaces
truth:  compute   compute

test:  all modules listed in a given directory .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  checks if an object behaves like a sequence of python .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to sleep a file to the items in a given directory .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  function   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  make sure that the given directory has any files in symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  make   check
truth:  files   files

test:  apply function to a relationship attributes as a dict of members .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart the docker container of a container container id container id container id of the container container timeout : string id of the container to restart on a container parent
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  helper function to determine the delayed module .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  make a sqlalchemy generated key and return a string representation .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  assign   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the versions of a tag for a tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to build partial inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  take country from country based on country and a country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   note
truth:  given   one

test:  set global resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   update

test:  generates key from db .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  list   read
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one queue objects from the empty queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar events .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt server configuration cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  server   get
truth:  halt   a

test:  convert an epoch address to the number .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for setting the default translation .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  single view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a valid registration on node and set it to the provided registration redirect view only if the new registration push id is configured to dependence on registration :rtype: flask
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all data terms .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  construct   html
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize a vector .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random api hash of sha-256 .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  remove edit command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  compile the user for a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the name of this tab .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   controller
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing graph with n nodes and redirection successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the standard encoding and return its output .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  preferred   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  upload data to a validation json .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  evaluates the zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  evaluates   polynomial
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a timestamp .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  initialize query_file to match the network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to format a versioned app .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  dumps batches after vote versions of imagenet images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  batch   parameters
truth:  construct   a

test:  split a list of words into concrete bessel function .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  split   params
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  build out the arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  supports   null

test:  takes a list of milestones to fulfillment date/time files .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  creates a new app .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  creates   permissions
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object containing the result of querying model for instances whose primary key has the value pk_value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new user instance with an ajax request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the service references by number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  helper to get dot product of dot .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and return a valid validator for option of type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a resource to the payload for an api .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  adds   dictionary
truth:  converts   payload

test:  return a list of groups with their names in current revision .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  a description .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read a binary data into a percentage of binary data .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if the patterns matches a pfilter .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return abbreviated aeon name for tuple containing sequenced .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function is available in an instance of the given app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create assets for specified tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   crypto
truth:  create   create

test:  return a sqlite3 .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether a token can be used for a client .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys objects of a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  create a text variable which will be tested from a node .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  resizes video output and retrieve the result .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  resizes   patches
truth:  merges   video

test:  determine the gitconfig handler for the current thread .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   initializer

test:  do any repetition inherits from x complex list of dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the fact to pass in the document to demonstrate a free device name .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse /etc/default/networking http content_type_id formatted string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going to the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize a function indicating many to be able to convert to a list of files .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  called once .
truth: helper function . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can return translation reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return wrapper function for all process html snippets in a javascript file .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  get the name of a tuple .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the list of the perceptron w/3-element .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check a form of the original image .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  prepare   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if the header is in binary <url lists .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wraps api calls to handle exempt from domain u .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom models for all the given model .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion for this querys primary entity to the given instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  control   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  map the servers multiple status strings to list of vm status and list of task status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   django
truth:  map   map

test:  return a global language file name .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the standard directories for each directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   setup
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from pickle using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a single node only contains a node wizard .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert between 0 and the advancement .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates user from deactivated .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  take a multi-line font tuple of strings and merge it to an iterator .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  turns   utility
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns whether the object is a sequence of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the microseconds of a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   integer
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts line name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  a toy of descriptors .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   call
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a **opt record .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  create   version
truth:  set   set

test:  if an ipv4 binary search is a function .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  create   create

test:  idenfity the modules in this instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  get   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test the correct release for git repository .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes string to utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  utf-8   unicode
truth:  to   try

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  is   a
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   show
truth:  send   a

test:  set an object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   view
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions of the given versions name cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of all renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  translate files to a valid xml element .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid of a list to use for given provider .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  simple case of matrix .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  function   test
truth:  url   url

test:  a runtime adapter adapter script requires a runtime instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of all detected sizes on the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  validate an integer base base base base base base base base version string .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  expands   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  get the terminal id of the given integer .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  retrieves   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provides a list of current plural .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  call debug with given debuginit .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function to display the specified args and stderr .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  to   check
truth:  run   program

test:  test that a filename exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints the two opennebula dict .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  find a module in the given path .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  wrapper for single-letter .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj looks like iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  no internet queries .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  twitter   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return a list of this folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  remove zero cluster failed x-specific .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   urlparse
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mask of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorates a course enrollment to compute enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  split   add
truth:  append   course

test:  test whether table table has correctly delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a regular expression sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use :meth:git to make them to resolve in a device .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  set   set

test:  convert recformat to itemsize .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   version
truth:  powers   powers

test:  a infront summary latex .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  display   a

test:  return the units enabled in the current request .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  main method for the currently run tests with rid pip status .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  url   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decode and then decode the base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate linear ranking of the given distance between x and y .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  initialize   epochs
truth:  init   init

test:  cleanup test environment is applied for firefox test data .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   like
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for api methods that takes a decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  return the node for the process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets child child of the given node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  simple headers to set a group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes string value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  string   string

test:  add correlation of ar representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  convert -> list of interactive errors to one .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  input   content
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  return   vlm_media
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears review documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert actions array of empty actions .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example specific times .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all the root directory in the interface order .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes an inverse cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  adjusted   a
truth:  build   a

test:  sort a string that is an ordereddict that is needed for logging .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a sorted list of indices from the index file descriptor .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  isrealobj edge matrices for sparse matrices .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  cache   split
truth:  return   return

test:  does basic credentials contain a type .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  does   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trueargs out the args and function names .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get the ip of the db .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group name for the specified group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  execute command .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   dimension
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  given a list of python egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a sympy objective function .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  install package schedule with pending interval .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  code   null
truth:  import   import

test:  sends an email to view reports .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   auto

test:  yield all those tmux services .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  yield   file
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience routine to get divmod for x and y values .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the mount additions of the minion cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  function for comparing a list of evv .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  create   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  this function adds the total stats to the creator mapping .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  adds   =
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse a parameter parameters into a dict of text objects .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return maximum polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  make sure blank requirements file is shown .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the geometric add -> x and softmax bar .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  compute   options
truth:  take   null

test:  converts a datetime in a given time zone if necessary .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  time   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the adapter adapter to get an adapter index as defined by the gdal index .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   factory
truth:  creating   null

test:  return a escaped docstring for each of the two note that are always put in any of the whitespace .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded thebase thebase base64 .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   function
truth:  using   decoder

test:  turns a list of the email addresses into a string .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cache calls in json-serializable .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  cache   memoize
truth:  is   null

test:  a view that displays request to a learner user .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   a
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho correlation measure of the vectors in k[x] .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  null   vectors

test:  returns a see: object for testing .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  compute   s
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return alembic command .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  dump the elapsed verbose : a log of a matrix .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  dump   log
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this function generates a random string .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  create   permissions
truth:  return   return

test:  clear root step data .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  running   running

test:  return encoding name from lower case of the current alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute levi-civita function of a child directories .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compose   null

test:  get info about a given api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   uses
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a list of dictionaries based on a set of dictionaries .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  uses media-ranges changes on a set of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  compute the 1-d filter .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer root controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale to make it possible .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   polynomial
truth:  use   nd

test:  chunks indexing indexer -- returns indexing values .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   list
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validates that service names by name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for computing the mean(x) .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  function   reject
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the linejunk response for the given b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  calculates   compare
truth:  compare   a

test:  return the data retrieved of a load-balancer query .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  keychains using catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  using   get
truth:  get   service

test:  convenience function to return the current time .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler to remove a single resource from a more unicast device .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   configuration
truth:  remove   a

test:  suggest key will be registered for the main page .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  convert user .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a hac mapping for a list in chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  =   validate
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to print a creatematrix set by loading the recurrence class .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   change
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error when given postfix_expression is smaller than one input x .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   key
truth:  test   test

test:  convenience function to parse a database with or create database mapping .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  function   reverse
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using changes in a .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a list of previous vertex files using numpy .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   list
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a module manifest of the directory of the module root for which the argument can be found .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates the w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  function   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  check that the list of files exists .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get markdown from the command line and other logging to a python program .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   wrapper
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the layout for the current system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of keywords .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip the flipwritable each item from a list of command .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  validate whisper level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb scene .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send command down the last running console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  command   null
truth:  send   a

test:  list all registered volumes returns: list of fs .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from a s3 location and invoke an s3 registry .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the variance of the set of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the sum of a single vo linear unit and matrices .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware datetime on shared difference of variant .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  array   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   value
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - filters - filters - filters - filters - filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  -   -

test:  create and initialize an basenames document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a new version of the current thread .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  adds   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates an s3 object args: writes the path to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   note
truth:  upload   a

test:  ensure that the volume is done in the same server .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  a key key for setting a list of accepted values .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   in
truth:  to   function

test:  try to create and return the reversed ip from the target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  download   null
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  builds a list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  send   returns
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the list of plugins and returns a list of plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  verifying   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  sleep for any network channel .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  deprecated   return
truth:  read   read

test:  wraps a mrl .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   null

test:  test with and bessel generators .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   create
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a chunk is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write ports columns from scheduler to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   a
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a given database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate a mailchimp object with the given set of model .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  instantiate   issue
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version from the system version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  return   version

test:  a tuple .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  int   array
truth:  draws   null

test:  accepts a list of api calls .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  accepts   permissions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary mapping threads to their infogetter metadata .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the pyenv of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching base directories .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to format filesystem queries .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   network

test:  rescale serving array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  create   a

test:  write out a mime-type .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  write   null
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a user_message .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  features   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  check whether the source you dont want to use no source of a source document .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  code   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  retrieves new providers associated with a given type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key is given given a user type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to change a one-off separated by a reference to each row .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  create a string for assist usage in the compilation .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  create   get
truth:  return   python

test:  this method exists the inline message of a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  convert decimal values to int .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the mocking attribute should only be a sequence of tuples .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  looks for features to see if there are any features cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of directories within a directory .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  return   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  split a path into uri and port .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  split   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is inside a point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   matrices
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the first element can be true .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a short html template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   in
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dict from a list of dictionaries .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  take a k[x] key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a copy of an input array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify a logger is a valid efficient .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check to see if the file-like handshake to be comparable size .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  read   in

test:  make sure the logout attribute of session and properly support .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  make   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return url at primary manager .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   python

test:  return connection with the same data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require the default .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  value   help
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the python data for the given stack .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  install   print
truth:  is   null

test:  merges dictionary d1 into dictionary d1 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  like cloud qualified display string .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary keyed by a common attribute of a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete item from the given index as environment table .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  set logging handler for a successful level .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  create a python dictionary attributes according to the doc .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  copies   filename
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  return string representation of value .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   slashes
truth:  value   value

test:  helper function to convert a region .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml input and return a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  non-utf8 => a actually clone data .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  null   version
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  remove all theme records from the theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  remove   app
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get a user list for given user string .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test if we event: test for event: samples at the random samples with a large design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of startup to be enabled .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  filtered   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut for a service .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes the prefix from the given url in the given url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  function to check if the user has authentication and returns the authentication backend .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  to   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  internal routine to yields the lists and part of values .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  starts   delete
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that centered can be found in a proxy .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a command about the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is used to save a accuracy model on a saved yaml file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to give a function to provide a single result .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert html characters into raw html string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  insert   converts
truth:  extract   null

test:  simulates the comma separated buffer for a specific log interface .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  evaluate   log
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the url for the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  quotes   lookup
truth:  copy   copy

test:  get the profiles representation of each file .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  get   return
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate number of jitter to calculate the jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   timeout

test:  do a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  format   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the hidden code specified as a dictionary .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  like   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test plot with a plot with an upper range .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  show   box
truth:  test   line

test:  register the path on the android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  creates   null

test:  image image easily api that resizes the original image url .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   a

test:  quick is a list of lists .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  intended   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a tuple of notes: components .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return all files in a given tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   path
truth:  find   find

test:  get vm version to which packages are executed by comparing a new container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple regex that for regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  is   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates ssl version of the given api .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  fetch   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check tree directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns a string of the validation number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   val
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the variable of a variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   bw
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  given a list of partitions and state strings .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  if   split
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the disk progress information on a particular instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes a clean shell across all arguments and captures the executed interface into pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  fix   file
truth:  to   null

test:  parses an initial document of an revision .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  takes   analyze
truth:  to   attempt

test:  check quickly with file containing the current python source file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  check   in
truth:  if   null

test:  delete code .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the list of source source to the ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  when a review summary summary is sent to a review .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  send   send

test:  measure runtime prediction of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   limit
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for a os .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  create a new django document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  its a response to start_response() .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the x log likelihood of 1d x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt an iterable of ssh key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  unicode   load
truth:  text   text

test:  internal function for packages that consider access config output .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   utility
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   control
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if the current user has write access to the permission .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if graphs are isomorphic and false otherwise .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the existence of mtime on mtime cache .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   version
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the smtp backend details .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  get   diff
truth:  if   check

test:  return the flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make an image with the same width ratio .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that the gpu .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a datetime object to a string of bytes .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  :exc:processingexceptions the cmd and returns the number of cmd .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update context info that have been enabled for a user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  context   profile
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   checkout
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  separate code spaces per comment line .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  code   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  sets the current state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of affected results from a files .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  returns default login web page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  point   root
truth:  null   page

test:  adds strange to the redirect to the given url .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the tests for a unittest filename is a unittest test .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  this reads the hash of the given file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  this function will return a boolean key .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  escape a string for use in a url .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given graph node is a graph in the given interface .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple_stmt : simple_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  mock score of xml score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  sends   assignment_expression
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the single number of occurrences of given path .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function does a list of lists into a single line .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a certificate in pem format to a base64 formatted certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  alias for extending aliased .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the there of an allowed plugin made by a given plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  makes   find
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return path for django .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  file   calls
truth:  set   set

test:  default shutdown function runs when the server is started .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return virtual name of the module .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs access_objs < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the question are returned in the question .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  uses filename to log if possible .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  input   build
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than around an whitespace operator .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  x : 1d image x principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  print   print
truth:  return   return

test:  test on pip .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   use
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to port and port interface .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a test command .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  prepares   riak
truth:  runs   a

test:  import a copy of module decorator and returns them as a collection with the attribute members from module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  open a password using a specified credentials and configured to allow it to use a new server :rtype: a new credentials to allow it to allow it to allow "widowed"
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  open   a
truth:  load   load

test:  base_pos the given list of strings .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return what full path to a named repository upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   release
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file that a specified form a wrapper to return the one of the form that is stored in a wrapper .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  merge two sorted pairs of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  merge   instances
truth:  named   add

test:  sends a message to your recipient of ipv6 email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an iterator that is true to compile an array with its iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   a

test:  return the version string like so: .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  parameters statsmodels .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  if the given node does nothing .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  remove global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  remove   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique elements by the docstring .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the flags flags is a update of the flags .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  if   null

test:  return a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tsv tsv as html .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  roll   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command passed with hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compute the series newton with the mul newton .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   value
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a widget to the directory .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply information about the gradient/jacobian graph .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  separate   setup
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked column can be initialized in the form table .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if the given value is an error .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  get the sysctl address for a particular object .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  convert logits vector to 2-d tensor labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   get
truth:  pads   null

test:  prints the given code to stderr and failure .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  write   a

test:  check if a gcode procedure is an updated gcode procedure .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to wrap a function on a future if it is a concrete exception .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  update an active akismet identified by half .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  use   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reads temporary repository for all axes in an hdf5 repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  control   set
truth:  apply   apply

test:  project rois image by *newdir* .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  project   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform a simple sleep with a given predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  perform   process
truth:  like   like

test:  runs a python command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   match
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named launch queue is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function uses the length of an imageproperty to set some strings .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   method
truth:  generates   a

test:  test that index removes previous grouping .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  test   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  check if some rows of unicode strings on the first unicode .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all closed closed nodes .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  utility method to output a referer list of cookies to populate the template tag if admin cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  returns   javascript
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to the current definition options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an email this interface is intended to be the required options of an email .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  verifies a getfacl/setfacl .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  records   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store method .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dict for a resource .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the name of the node with the given title .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load fixing providers from list of comb and captures with the appropriate providers .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  load   tornado
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new tenant object or deactivate the tenant was created .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance image .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  send a single on a flag .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a comma separated > to get a list of information .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a named rendering from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  get object type and return whether it is run in a producer .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  object   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  remove the returnshutil .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the given filename .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get test to get tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and transfer the last location nearest the loop from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  run frappe upgrade upgrade .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  run   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown an time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  formatted   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a valid python identifier for which qstring .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  registered handler for filters .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the paths[ paths of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  transfer   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  retrieve   parse
truth:  get   publisher

test:  return true if g is intersection of graph .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of apps apps are for the human readable form .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that in the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function took .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create gpg with a file inside a given name .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   verification
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional isnative this function allows us to be used with a given second signature:: signature:: the input transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get attributes on a given key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an error thrown via a inline transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  rename   validates
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return the json object of the metadata for a node .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   data
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterates over on line .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  unreserve a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   info
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces list with whitespace initialize the workflow interpreter .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   replaces
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test basic push of basic backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of seqs directories .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return pillar data from all available vm .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a default object from the test data .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts complex .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over all tags .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   copy
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the os .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir with the given path and all directories in between .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  git distutils .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  middleware   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  code   filename
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the notifications supported by the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to skip tests that require article? if its arguments .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores in opennebula and password .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  vms   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the current default .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  return the string stripped of any given python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  imdb   inverse
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  doctest   directories
truth:  =   =

test:  compute the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  compute   running
truth:  return   return

test:  like :func:operator .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  like   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start development web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   run

test:  take existing generated by a lx playlist .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  take   loading
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the continuous grade .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   nicolet
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a string .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get a filename of an filepath .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  solve discrete minima with percentage in a discrete csr .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  solve   number
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 works as being seen .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be run .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a 'useos .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  create   os
truth:  null   null

test:  return package files in setup .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  package   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be present in the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clear the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   changes
truth:  clears   null

test:  creates a copy of the input data .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  creates   print
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a explicitly tracks for explicit example input: a form .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   print
truth:  generate   generate

test:  assert that process passed to access via python .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   in
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update the database and push it to another database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  called   store
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  this is no threading code .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return fixed ips by fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  calculates a new version of the predicate .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a sqlalchemy database record .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure that all bears from the provided targets are absent .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will take the priority from the current machine .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep grep signal into .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  function   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove paths that are not double quotes .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  returns   paths

test:  displays the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  link   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port number .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies dictionary in dictionary to a dictionary with keys converted to their original data structure .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split path into a list .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  split   path
truth:  get   get

test:  create a direct client from a zone .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  for parameters .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  network - uses resource fields to check if the resource is running .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  null   items
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of variables .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  starts the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  starts   factory
truth:  start   start

test:  return the string to use for the given closest .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration instance by id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d dataframe .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  helper method to format and returns the base64 with prefix names .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  null   key
truth:  function   function

test:  setup the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  appends sp_password to the end of the payload postfix remove all translatable characters in case of the payload contains a space .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  complete   null

test:  temporarily remove a given object and then pickle to a file .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   function
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  parses ssl certificate request and returns a list of ssl queries .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  parses   start
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that detect are created from post .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  creates   hosts
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the sitemap for each session .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  point   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  the datastores we can get the install metadata headers for a given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the inverse of the normal bound to the underlying distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  order: decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  returns a list of feature from a given column .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits emits event for objects .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   options
truth:  emit   events

test:  test solveset_real for symlognorm functions .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  test   ja
truth:  verify   null

test:  parse one of the xonfig formats .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   file
truth:  ask   null

test:  it should take the cr and then override the database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  null   seconds
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function for the config argument to one or more own command line .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  find and returns a new module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  wrapper around type *modname* > .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of python code for an python list .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the geometric base of an expression .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return an example: key for a user object .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  has   url
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string of code into a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a ftp 'ftp string .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  function returning a positive expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find a text string for the given filename and find it .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  generate characters with ints to use various entities .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  null   null

test:  constructs a 2d numpy array of threads of the values above a set of threads percentage .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  constructs   workaround
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a temp file for renders a program instance .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  open   factory
truth:  fetches   null

test:  connect to a secret user model class .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a single module .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   a

test:  handle the servers 200 for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a loader modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  ignore specific data for the signing_server module .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  ignore   returns
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a random element with highest func score; score; examples .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to return the following <> extension from a path with whitespace removed .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  function   path
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of the lsmod classes cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   shows
truth:  return   a

test:  utility method for evoked evoked data fname .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  compute   reader
truth:  evoked   read

test:  loads field if you dont install some different quota .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  finds   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the link to generate a function in its range .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a node from a tree of stuff .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  casts   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a role users counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  another quota quota .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a comparing operator to unique .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a base64 encoded data into a base64 encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate temporary analyze file specified by pootleenv .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape the given html escape .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a date from year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  convert   day

test:  returns the list with one level value for each entry .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  discover an http endpoints endpoints endpoints .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm updating request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  updating   location
truth:  null   null

test:  for example .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position associated with its parts .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method in code in code will copy namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  serialize a es input to the given input string .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get anonymous anonymous cart with given token or none if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get the default id of the current process .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to make its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  null   representation

test:  decode a string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  takes a list of emails to a new entry .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  takes   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  vm only shared variables .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the boolean span between the minion and returns the boolean specifying the trial index .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns an expression of its symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a text string for all warnings .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  parse http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a callable and return a tuple of the parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the value as environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  unicode   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pull out the items from empty entry .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  pull   parse
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared error loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  squared   mean

test:  handle x .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  reject   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view for subscription card .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of published entries for a url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  produces   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  z is a list or vertically .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  returns an items type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base xdgdir directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  command   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the default price list and return cart .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  force   home
truth:  set   price

test:  return the cloud automation to use .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  make sure the given contents is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test config file wont need to access an invalid user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   config
truth:  config   config

test:  return a dictionary of symmetric ids using requested profile .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the distributed virtual vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a range string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  takes   factory
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  setup the concord232 alarm lights .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text to the canonical role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return recent job for jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  install the given necessary version .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   a
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  checks for missing checks to run tests with the given path .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  list files from the object .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  list   update
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid *xx .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts a transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   commits
truth:  puts   null

test:  a simple wrapper around how to one file-like path .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  builds a list of all the metadata tags to the specified resource tags .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  builds   new
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  run commands and return stdout .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   module
truth:  command   command

test:  test if the arrays of arrays work .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  given   test
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function to catch stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  stacks   stack
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test -detail of postgresql domain objects .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  require an login root directory .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  function   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a string names that dont need to be converted to a string .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a multi-line step steps from the whole step tag .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check and return the bridge meta-fields .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  send   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: humbug publish humbug command .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric negative logistic model of a function taken - theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return a list of tuples based on resource at path .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate list of tuples: bits from incoming bits .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   matrices
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the output from gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to update an email address if email is specified .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the path to the mercurial configuration file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   api
truth:  return   script

test:  find the group of the group to convert to its gid .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string representing the current clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   messages
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the resolved process_view object .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  wsgi application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  objects   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  like hundreds but returns the elements of a string .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  like   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  put current server for running applications cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  get   key
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns json relative to json .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper for fail_unless_raises .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   stubs
truth:  run   pylint

test:  send email to change email with activation .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   null
truth:  given   a

test:  make a nested service with each individual value of the start of a .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  is   null

test:  this function counts the generator to build into a single generator file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in either one return none or none if either a desired location is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a file through a file: source file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  write   create
truth:  write   test

test:  asks the elasticsearch version of src .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  asks   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread lorem use this .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  signal handler to specify instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   security
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the unique command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the given arguments is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  substitute   a

test:  start and returns a list of hosts to start a given datacenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  start   reference
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an iterator over the directory that will be given .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file scaled bytes from a file-like object .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  convenience function for creating the key .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  function   utility
truth:  left   null

test:  if context is raised .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  if   iterator
truth:  return   a

test:  show error message based on small error .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  show   print
truth:  null   method

test:  executed code in the given module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  prepare   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  select the vcenter table to get a dict .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  verifies   default
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a account exists on the user .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to pass in subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  runs   runs

test:  libs test example of libs .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   return
truth:  extract   a

test:  this is a helper function which generates a single sample weights for all color-coded points in either a gaussian form .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  is   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read all regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  read   shutdown
truth:  report   report

test:  jinja the module names by its arguments .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initializes   init
truth:  set   up

test:  zdt3 : int .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non csr input .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a string out of an absolute packed so we can set it on the conversion of a particular array .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  return   value
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb server .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  get list of absolute classes .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   torrent

test:  return true if the pen is configured .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  called   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  get the pci mac address of the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones[zone zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   everything

test:  display a viewer of a given image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  null   version

test:  displays the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  query   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the names of a function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get the formatted string .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a file as a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  context   check
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   call
truth:  function   function

test:  create a loader file .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   update
truth:  create   create

test:  represent mapping file into yaml .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   mean
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns a list of evenly spaced similarity of the directory tree .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a list of nanoseconds into a scalar value .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   custom
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse and checks the contents of a policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if its network device exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   sentry
truth:  ensure   null

test:  turns an engine handlers into a python plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  turns   page
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert a bit int to an integer in a list of bits .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to get an instance from the specified context .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro attribute data source of the current linux distribution data source of the lsb_release file data source of the lsb_release .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  return   a

test:  return the kind of the user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the given uris string of a uri represented in ascii .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  register multi-line to a 3d tensor .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  indices   gaussian
truth:  pad   pad

test:  check the version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  check   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the subgraph pprint of shape .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  null   return
truth:  restricts   null

test:  unsubscribe an email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  create a widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets the current user .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  load indexers function .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  view   build
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent an email with "pandas" in the body .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  patch   i
truth:  null   i

test:  put up a url c .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  strip   generate
truth:  look   up

test:  verify that a directory can be followed by system similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a number to initial triangular .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  constructs a user data to a tenant cli example: .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create an instance of an instance .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  create   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  n-dimensional version of image files .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  null   try
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value turned into an object_list .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert download to base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   calculation

test:  get user profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  changes   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add the named module to the system .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check for the existence of a pid is installed .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return the name of the current magic activation function .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of rights names that are human rights .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of the daily contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  sends   mapping
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the value of a bytearray and a tree .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a file given in a filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  scale   list
truth:  remove   remove

test:  permissions permissions for non making sure that the view has non models .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  accumulate   test
truth:  null   null

test:  handle to thread-unsafe .
truth: print line . 
test:  to   print
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the field has valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  wrapper to simplify service values from graph .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  to   dependencies
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct a url from url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of versions of the state .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   method

test:  converts an object to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a case-insensitive for printing a stereo lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  order   order

test:  disable the specified #! lines .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   run
truth:  changes   changes

test:  takes an absolute url and converts it to its parameters .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset a list of dictionaries by deleting all possible connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  sort   delete
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  this method implements the controller method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the os .
truth: aux function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds more than one error handler to the standard deviation .
truth: log os . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a deepcopy of calling function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively converts dictionary keys to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper for adjust .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary loss for prediction scores is still assignee_id .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   classification
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip is a commit for type .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a time in seconds to a timedelta object .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  remove with the mixed checkbox from the mixed .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  null   null

test:  return the entire image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  change   change

test:  default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default default
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   a

test:  parse cmd style names .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   constructor
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the current entry definition from a definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  turns bytes into long as defined in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open open file for every line containing full path for the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the currently hardcoded warnings .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  logging   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this differs ops = editable .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   v

test:  takes an error or decoding .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  takes   ec2
truth:  set   configuration

test:  ensure the correct user is created correctly .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  requires   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check if the draft has to create an existing draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  if   current
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   get
truth:  mount   a

test:  print all old queries for the given query .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   pass
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse an http response response to a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  extract all [2] one['ctfkind'] -> int .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  hex   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the list of fileserver files that are currently configured .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return indices to compute conv2dspace matrix for a .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  write data to a file with filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  text   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function finds an object without having the primary key .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  function   return
truth:  find   a

test:  adds the given .
truth: on windows . 
test:  adds   file
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true/false boolean if the current tool has a definition on the minion .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull the changes from the specified repo .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  changes   returns
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the tests to echo .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   flake8

test:  relative strength index .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage device to attach an existing server name name of the new volume to build server profile over profile profile to build on cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  a decorator for api functions .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   secant
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  determine whether a process status is sorted .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  find the current targets in a sequence of targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  decorator for skipping test for certain test case .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator to mock engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  build   options
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   response
truth:  provides   null

test:  return a list of handle config names to 4 minions .
truth: given a server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return from info+config < 1 n official project .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   no
truth:  return   a

test:  test that the attributes of a table has more than 1 .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   converts
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method to render the string data into a wrapper around json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the ec2 location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints input information about how to dt .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  usage   string
truth:  starts   null

test:  get the value of the configured account for a key from sys .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates key required by the registry .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   install
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  run the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  run   format
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  provides   checks
truth:  post   a

test:  retrieve cohort id for a particular user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load configuration variables using the -n" device .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create thumbnail instance for the common test feed .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   source
truth:  create   a

test:  when the user is called .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  runs   deserialize
truth:  ensures   null

test:  initialize the fnclex containing post-processing config files and add the library to the following containing the library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  compile   a

test:  convert request object into their names .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  request   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  require the degrees of the current machine .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  convert   compile
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an exception instance of type objects .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  collect   get
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process item to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  adds   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random column of rng vectors :return: [0 .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  providing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the url is used to edit the default urlconf .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of objects of the specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  get a variable name from the environment variable name .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  walk up filename list to a package manifest .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  archive   sources

test:  get color color as a string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  taken   hex
truth:  get   a

test:  get the number of configured logging from the stack .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  quit   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans up any database from previous trials .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  sort the given key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the specified patterns is actually enabled on the current list .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the options for the config file and create command .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  move   move

test:  read and return the options .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   options
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid objects correctly parsed correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort and the optional course .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the system metadata should be used .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   checks

test:  given a subscription subscription path .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return http response response response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  expand   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  count   count

test:  convenience function to get application .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  do tarball and return a optimal aws message .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  do   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  load an iterator of text files from a 64-bit format .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to skip test if a test if a database has a provisioning test case while it is ran supported .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   method
truth:  decorated   null

test:  helper function to generate the base start of epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  function   probability
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sorts a list of keywords .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorting   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get the current time mac address :return: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  create a node and makes sure the given node is correctly .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a distance topic distance between a string .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a number to long .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a string representation of current python file .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  domain   status
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return datetime object with microseconds .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  server   null
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that in this vmware environment .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a variable is a read .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  this function searches for deleting scene exceptions so that the cache can be used to correctly be used when deleting scene providers .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  function   stream
truth:  given   a

test:  look for canonicalization lines from the given path and that line .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  files   zip
truth:  gets   null

test:  export database connection to facility facility .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  export   export
truth:  create   create

test:  save the current file to a list of value .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  save   update
truth:  write   a

test:  solve the specified range for an individual array .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  select   checks
truth:  solve   real

test:  whether the servers to use for person - person projects .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   issue
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   create
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] axis of a variable number .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  returns   alias
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script add or override environment variables to the build step .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   github
truth:  null   stash

test:  return review site .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  a recent port to see if theres a users uploads .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  results   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get a repository description for the tool shed to the tool shed corresponding to the owner .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   http
truth:  list   list

test:  this function will return a generator of lists of length .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  function   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  change admin drac password cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  powers   get
truth:  return   system

test:  helper function to get requests for database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  null   value
truth:  creates   null

test:  perform a random number that returns data random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test if an http url is done by user .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  is this a field that takes an instance of a given field and returns either a unique key or not .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds and returns the config spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns the known_hosts of a feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  performs   features
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic square matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list commands from parallel .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   run

test:  fix a new app to multiple installed-apps context .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstalls   app
truth:  remove   app

test:  returns the standard error of the mean of the input array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  resolve translation path from translation to the current language .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serializes and decompresses decorator: object .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  start   a
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  bootstrap   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with an labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  show   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the root rows for the given rows .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   update

test:  execute a salt process and return the appropriate sysprefix .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make a editor of error for an error message .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  needs   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   split
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  determine the csp response for tag .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  determine   policies
truth:  to   method

test:  create and ssh factory for making a libdnet/scapy method in remoteprogress() .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  guess the path to a directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  collect   find
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  check   version
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  factory for tvdb tvdb types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for dirname counting .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  make sure the user is a different key .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the files and are full .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  find rightmost difference in string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  string   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  get all posts for source .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  does a short error handler for the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular number .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  have   null

test:  helper for getting file location of a file object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the data centers for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap a fileupload method and singletons singletons interactive packages .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  wraps   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  mock get_id .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  dictionary   view
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html matches the given doctype via text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  do   cast
truth:  if   check

test:  validate valid positions for a boolean .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a return the result to the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  helper function to create content on a configuration file with slash .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   s
truth:  insert   insert

test:  reset the list of all available sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  resets   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat the function calls to func .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ping a single api query .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  module   a
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  soft-delete one or more images that will fit a given file .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  create   variables
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore the reserved .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  to   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  move through the git google cloud folders and merge their database .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  install   install

test:  simple soap function for soap .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format an object into a complete bytes response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  converts the current default state to a string .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  test that clade works as a git/hg altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of user ids .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   a

test:  convert data to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  tuple   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute and return the configuration .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  manage   remove
truth:  publish   commands

test:  construct a queryset of class names from the model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  setup a default setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  return   distribution

test:  helper decorator to ensure that the function calls to the function prototype it .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  helps   null

test:  helper function that validates key config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert that the given log library dont cause a log file .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   index
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the given value for a byte string containing a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  sets paths argument to mount point .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  iterate over a string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  the described attribute should be imported .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  utility method to put the same width to the same file .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator to cause a method to be called via allowed .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add arguments to a argparse line .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a private key into a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper to copy a double frequency .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users password cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks ips associated with specified hosts cli example: .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  compute the matrices of the specified block decorator .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the resource limit dict from request or fail response .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of two complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for api methods on a specified method .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  compute the dft of the input got is the original log for backwards .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for stable scotts .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  return true if and describes the result .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  tell   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  returns list of tuples for all tuples in selected order .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an integer to a list of bytes .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the ellipse norm of the given hints .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  return   =
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and return the output as pillar .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  split a string into a list of entries .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  split   key
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a ids of paragraph inputs .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   hexadecimal
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  arbitrary object index .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  recursively resolve a onionshare element of the server or not .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the batch of precomputed than one item list .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  yield   batches

test:  compute tax amount of given iterable amount .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  compute   filesystem
truth:  added   stack

test:  check a installs for the specified addon and returns a cleaned for which addon in .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  are   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  helper to ensure we works correctly .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the setting of pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   test

test:  updates index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   course

test:  compute the cholesky cholesky surface .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   utility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the code tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  build   build

test:  return proper task id .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before a password expires that the named user will start in o .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  set   set

test:  tests the given view when given an input string .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  a basic push output to a ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function finds the user object as an email address .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a boolean value .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  value   null
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns all nodes in s with respect to the given undirected order .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator that will generate a series of nodes .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of a string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu shared between functions .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   metric
truth:  test   test

test:  compute unique types to raise an array of floats .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an individual volumes .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary of metrics .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  output the arguments for each arg .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  debug   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for salt args .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere of model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  check   factory
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return information on open status from freebsd .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  list   list

test:  repartition indexing with the arguments indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset templates from all startup .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  extract instances from a list of instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  testing   set
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate directory id using a bad file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of dicts .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  list   list

test:  copy file from a list of objects .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   apply
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a string containing a genepop file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: claim-build add or override environment variables to the build field that was known in the .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an 'incidents' endpoint from the minion endpoint id .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a list of integers .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  this function checks if we are currently installed .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  if   prints
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that adjacency can be loaded .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all uninstalling or more queries .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed from the passed array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check classification comments .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  function that handles the user messages from the user .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  form   view
truth:  reset   reset

test:  compute the ichan] 1d array of shape of an array of channels .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  prepare   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  picture a program to create the next axes .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  null   python

test:  this function serves a new set of images to the database .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this method is called with mode or prompts .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  adds   interface
truth:  list   list

test:  scale the sparse matrix of a csr or inplace .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  scale   data
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if a given database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  emulate   return
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  a simple view that renders a certificate .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  view   view
truth:  picks   picks

test:  robust function for snapshots matches the chosen matches the specified name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  make json specifications so that it is always handled during microsoft compatibility .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  computes   verbose
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the underlying probability space of a random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  request a request to catch an event loop .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  request   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a remote topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  validate the mainloop that was located on partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  rescue   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute the log moment moments moments for a given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   convenience
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  perform fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   fastica

test:  collect all python modules from the module .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  try   try

test:  helper for new activate to rereference to new reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  construct a pipeline key from the given key .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  construct   key
truth:  removes   null

test:  test whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  decide   python
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes a list of squaring which are less than one .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines the list of games into one big player sequence containing all games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  list installed sensor sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  null   pylint
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the full url to a hdfs base url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query the projects of user we created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  function   configuration
truth:  to   query

test:  sets the current over the obey flag .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   permissions
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert columns from steam dump names to false .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  transform the docker-compose object into a penalties .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test event_type and its dependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the current criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search for a tag to determine if the list of tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add color of output to a message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  color   message
truth:  prints   a

test:  back a directory from its data which creates a shell directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  running   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  used to generate service call .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  get absolute path for analysis .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the given value is a number-like for the given value .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import the filesystem version from sys .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   python

test:  return the value of the package that the targets exist in .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the bunch of calling new egg .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   power
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns the list of files found in a python project .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test reading volume parser .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  raises   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a function under all arguments .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   djangos
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract a schema body from requests .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   configuration
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the matrix angle from a float .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a cookie cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  get any appropriate alias that will convert an alias object to a master format .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the object is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an type .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  returns a hook registered with the given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find attributes are natively than or equal to link .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   success
truth:  null   null

test:  save the modules on an instance .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path refers to an existing file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   null

test:  stores for updating application on limited and kicks handle the user and use .
truth: update request . 
test:  reads   authentication
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the configuration options .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to enforce read-only to execution action which raises nosuchprocess if action is not false .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the build post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure that the instance should be invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  list   store
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a consumer containing the entire files .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  performs random <bokeh check on random <bokeh .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  wrapper for removing templates that doesnt use the templates .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  expect only the metadata server .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  place   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  test for miniedit and palette .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  issue docblock .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  command   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes the actual batch for xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute an reduced response .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  builds new plugin by build a sequence of tuples .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid tlib .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the first rewrite of variables from a given expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  null   find
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  saves a file to disk .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  saves   convenience
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy a pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the directory for host and parser .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  mark the first setting of nonelog .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  updates   ldap
truth:  locate   null

test:  return whether the given object passed to .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  url   attributes
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a google storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  grain for displaying an ssh command .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  render   helper
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get nodes from a carve of a correct mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a path from a rpc command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  assign   log
truth:  execute   a

test:  displays the positions contained between the mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   mean
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine two elements .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   get
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the content for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  git   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over each line of a multi-part file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  function   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  test that new event handler with agent outputs on a relative event handler .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   utility
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run the post method to run in post .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a command and clone the given error .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  invoke   decorator
truth:  errors   errors

test:  gets static files .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that calls a function signature .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  performs the method on mtime .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  uses   uses

test:  validate a .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  validate   user
truth:  append   append

test:  add a rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  parse   host
truth:  add   add

test:  get the best :class:xblock resolver .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return integer in milliseconds of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   get
truth:  format   format

test:  create the drop .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  import module from the specified package .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  module   git
truth:  import   a

test:  converts the 2d vector to the ith key for each item of the system .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  performs a token for the user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  record   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get new entry point information from download and update the default face rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  retrieve   form
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a list of a string to a set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current device names to use for human consumption .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d array of identity x .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  automatically test to ensure that duplicates are empty and sometimes .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  evaluates   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  expect the given message in the qutebrowser summary .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  helper method .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   one

test:  new user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  -   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check that the sens count of a given name .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  simple link for accumulator[pantsmark] querystring controller .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a child node .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the list of seqs ids from the id .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  returns a list with a given path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  read the warning .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  read   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a libvirtconfigguestinterface mac address in both vif and mac address .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   compute
truth:  populate   a

test:  turn string into a new location .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  string   uses
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of exception exception names .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  ajax translation for a given image .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return the config directory for given config files .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  takes a version that takes the display version .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dictionary of dicts and the :meth: .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  given   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test the seed method .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   transform
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test should end test for no wheels of wheels .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the the the the policy specified in the sphinx .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders an alert if the recent view has any of the given actions .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  using invalid value used as invalid exactly thats an exception .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the syslog for the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  report event exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the added plugins .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   list
truth:  install   a

test:  an estimate of the process with a given process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the hosts and image in the beginning list of hosts .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops in a list .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  toggle one of the request fields .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  checks   sanity
truth:  perform   null

test:  chars is an integer .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer and the double occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   split
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an user to the user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  convert an image to a text format .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  mask a regular expression escape .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  save a single global component .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  save   step
truth:  edits   null

test:  returns an apply format key to use in parse_folder() case .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  yield translatable the csv files for each line .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   location
truth:  yield   null

test:  determine the version of a database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  determine   works
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the requests for a specified theme cli example: .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   return

test:  start a container on a container cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the directory of this yaml file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of urls from a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests for out of correct task gets passed to keep gap .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  are   parameter
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute chi-squared minus x in x and return binary array .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build / create command under options .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   like
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of instance from a collection of displaying arguments .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule a schedule url for the given week url .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  selects   requests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open argument of docker .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  open   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new child tree and add the given index in the target tree .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test case model is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  ignores   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  set the old module of the input .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  set   compute
truth:  configure   configure

test:  install an existing pipeline with an whitespace and optional fields .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  a function that asserts the specified name of an operation .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  function   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve role name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  makes sure that unicode transaction is a string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  unicode   translation
truth:  normalize   a

test:  translation test for debug filter .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error code is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the sync of a pointer to the response .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  indices   run
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: return only the series given the datastore .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  iterator   attr_gt
truth:  if   check

test:  return a string representation of assets with assets .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove abbreviated files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load data .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   format
truth:  preload   a

test:  check if a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  give   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determines the path to the directory that is installed .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  make profiler .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  see   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the global debugging debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the image exists for a container .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  load   check
truth:  if   a

test:  a string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  attributes   integer
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch a http log for used to install using http log .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  install   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  detect that the given node is default .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return a type like target .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  choose   d
truth:  null   a

test:  evaluate a rule to a common expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a list containing only the items in target .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  returns   commands
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if a user has access to the given profile .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create multiple drawdowns ]idx .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the default header for the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of resource fields .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   role
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if the given string is a string .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an entry of all the elements found in the given node with the given node .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  returns a dictionary of data from a votable votable file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the image in a given image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im file and optional digits from the number of files .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return a list of tuples of the vms on this hyper .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  combined   return

test:  on windows .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  sets   replaces
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get the first item from the left .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same tables .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  remove a user from the group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   members

test:  compute the number of network derivative derivative of each node derivative .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  force unicode or unicode to unicode strings .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a list of available csv objects .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   null

test:  combine multiple basic tuples of type in args and applies one of type cls .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  converts list of instances into a sequence of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  configured   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return links according to the tag tag example in each tag with the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new fieldset instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the current configuration .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats an seconds in the given unit using a human readable unit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure hponcfg is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the mock requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a file create a single certificate certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  generate a protocol and removes all toolshed /s from the specified tool .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  parse the string "s" to the expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this function does a 2d structuring element .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  default   control
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  sets the alarm color space .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  file   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  split   split

test:  x and forward decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  align   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  make a single 'sdb .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  converts the html display page to a django change .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  returns the right function for tests .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  using   null

test:  render all rendering json mapping from json .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   update
truth:  render   render

test:  get a string from a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the url of a ms or is in the given url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  url   url

test:  imports and returns a management project names to the django project directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear elements from an selinux key and return a new list of dicts .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  return   update
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits way to generate a csv file containing information about invited .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test daemon stim daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the entire index for head the given head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the suitable coefficient of p .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  ip   helper
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  return lowercased representation of a file .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the primary key be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: offset = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to this file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   unix

test:  add metadefinitions to the current engine .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a list of vms on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   endpoint
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get an element by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   a

test:  this is never be used to mark functions as well .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  is   version
truth:  null   decorator

test:  stack the dictionary with keys from the right dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  call   python
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the given version has sid on the specified api .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for a number of days in a b-spline .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add alarm to the alarm .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  docstring   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string holding ip addresses holding ip addresses for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  try to copy a list of pairs from the provided file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   call
truth:  test   test

test:  makes sure that all values exist in type is a python long .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  expand an object type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test wale_log_destination .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  returns a list of plugin directories to config files .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the default exe' setting .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get mangling during mangling during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parses the proxy and finds the proxy field .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the number of 73 representation of a tweet .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a standard normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  provides logging and end snapshots for logging .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  softsign of a tensor .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that the signal id does not have a valid workflow .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  fire   a

test:  return sample size of sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  url   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance volume min :class:qtextcharformat given a directed graph .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a binary chunks of the given base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes autocovariance correlation coefficient for comparing a var(p) + stock .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  computes   images
truth:  project   a

test:  delete the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  record   null
truth:  is   null

test:  gets the list of configured compiler directories .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   shift_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a list of bundleadaptors to a slice .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  creates a default initializer for weights or bias .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around l{twisted .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a information about the message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   create
truth:  show   show

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the flattened characters at x .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified gemset is installed with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  send a resource provider using microversion provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  send   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the product to see if the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  get   output
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for marking two class this function is required for use in distributions .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all environment variables from the given app .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   options
truth:  clear   null

test:  make whether the user not contain interesting with timezones .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  transform all sorted evenly starting at position n .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the matrix x x in x x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   version
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert bytes to a number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  bytes   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  this view is used only when no url is sent to proxy .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  to   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  read the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  read   information
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a set of tuples representing the given connection and ids .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that the path cache has been modified .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  combine -> list of tuples .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  the main function is running in the given script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  null   build
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a python notebook offsets to install server using current module .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the lazy metadata for the request - help headers .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  return   null
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a command and raise a subshell if it fails .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  call   call

test:  get the permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  logs   method
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a dict of reserved objects for the given reserved arguments .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  prints an error to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  print   print

test:  test chart rendering with a trigonometric trigonometric rendering .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  detect if the given decorator is a decorator decorator which tells the given decorator decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   urlparse
truth:  determine   null

test:  a default filter to check if the input source has any default formatting .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function for one class .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log observers page .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   ip
truth:  log   events

test:  status message .
truth: open log files . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  log   log

test:  get a list of new-style class names from configuration .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group -> group convert a list of lists into a single array .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   elements

test:  parse template_string .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get input input variable .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   find
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  save an input channel using the reader to insert an image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  save   create
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a google cloud storage response .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  get   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  return list of for mathjax has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  list   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add with preselected form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed or loss need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   send
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   return
truth:  requires   requires

test:  generate validation nodes .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  iterate   get
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the information about the specified server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper function for results in a flat list of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  does a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  value   converts
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  adds some /s message to the given language .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read a clean table .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ignores sort elements from vector .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a given project in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  craetes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts the given sudo template id to a valid zipfile .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a header to the index file with pack data .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns the version string for a version .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  convert   annotation
truth:  return   tshark

test:  grab the binary data .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  signal   information
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  return a filter out of a table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  takes   elements

test:  list all files .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of inventory class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes a role from a group on a domain or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  calls progress() .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  build   up

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle import uuid of image images verbose : boolean filter installed images verbose for an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test to make sure we fail if a variable variables .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  send an event with cone non-deleted .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  email   create
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with a power of global and their pspaces .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  register a callback function .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  register   method
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate whether all requests in calling command document .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generate   activity
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  ensures that the changes is not empty and is not installed .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return a bunch of images with the same arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  performs   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirect to apps if he is queried with the given response .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily check that we have to rewrite .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  fake deeper of os .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the index value .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a dictionary of items for the current request .
truth: like repr . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  return a key based on its key .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  return   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  the sql aliased of a valid albuminfo query .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  returns the url specified to the currently-logged-in or continue .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a buffer of tuples based on options and offset .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the printed code of a given code file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  executes the experiment of a remote process .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a member members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  return the vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string vm to be deleted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] options cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw images from an image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  validate a bson document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn a dictionary of cookiejar components into a dict .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  taken   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if arg is a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert between labeled .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  a list of names which are the same as user .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the cov copy of a symmetric matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  variant of http method calls with http method to authorize url .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  export   a
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns file name with project appropriate python text .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  check a single image back to resize images .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  process   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a replacement for the relative functions .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  patch   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the client has been fragments .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  print and print a hex string for each dns record .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates an operation record .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size between volume and edges in a predicted graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that value matches the int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  check   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the version of the system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  return   form
truth:  builds   null

test:  base: options in this module makes sure that needle an object of a given class .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  return a file of parsed offset of oslo_cache calls .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read initial one- .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts a string to a json representation .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or selector paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  helper method to merge the desired lock id .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  null   secret

test:  handle the downloader returns the path of an external name[bn] name[bn] name[bn] path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  a version of numpy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  generator for yielding the gaussian image with the given number of image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   images
truth:  yield   images

test:  returns the current string of a list .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  empty   return

test:  this function validates an rich loop error handler to process fsm error allocations if the convergence loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve service of the service for the given node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  retrieve   url
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the correct coefficient of a path .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  a helper method to determine the image using the default paging .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  a simple view to create a new user .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  check upgrade upgrade user about their support .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  make a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to enough file from 0 .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  to   python
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  make sure that a directory is name name the name of the module to remove .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: claim-build this plugin sets the jenkins config object for testing .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   null

test:  get using "ed" offset from [misc] offset .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  seconds   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  the forum sends an http session ticket and .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  helper for bermudez .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this function is called after a file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   search
truth:  function   function

test:  find the full path for the specified migrate a migrate migrate .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clear the contents .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  returns the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries into a single collection of mpl .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  raises   dask
truth:  merge   struct

test:  reads list of images with .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  list   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator for computing spline chunks of data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  test angle of rsa administration .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  test   a
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper for the tag tag or a namespace with the scene_names elements .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   wrapper
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generate a delimited string name .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find files with files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the path to the extras file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  get   model
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations vcpu .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  shows   shows

test:  simple case of d5 .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  fill   stubs
truth:  create   a

test:  set the minimal plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  package   control
truth:  function   function

test:  test that .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   histogram
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  using   directories
truth:  stores   stores

test:  removes the flaglog .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  removes   configuration
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the command line template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a value to the list of keys .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  mask events to update network .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  null   files
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles hosts defined in given list of @roles .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  turning   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   a

test:  extracts current python modules from the .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  extracts   try
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is true for option of integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a boolean if user does not install a sequence .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return information on open ports cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  update   information
truth:  return   a

test:  readers that header from normal header names or unpickling .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  be   a
truth:  header   header

test:  convert a string containing a python value and converts it to a dictionary with objects .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return true if the size is sizefilter .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  files   files

test:  this method is only active with a pyramid policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  using   configuration
truth:  let   null

test:  unicode-safe random integer using the given number of items .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the right expansion of a matrix b: a function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  set the value of relevant relevant relevant value .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   a

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  place   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   task
truth:  given   task

test:  like pdp .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to change the celery logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pickle configured to get requests .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test if a path exists .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named sources and place them into the master .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the relative version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  collect all templates and contexts from the given list of sqlite3 objects .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  show all links in a source query .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  show   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current id .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ignore the tags on tagged with modules .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  ignore   list
truth:  object   object

test:  return the axes with axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   generic
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a folder from src to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   attempt
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  returns a option: that can be called by a dict: exception if it exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  performs remote handler that with the user .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  send   null
truth:  password   password

test:  creates an text content within each element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test tests for the given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable or disable objects of objects into one of the objects passed .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  helper function for tie scroll .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all methods of a string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   print

test:  register ovs prefix for the current thread .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that mrtextclassifier returns the correct filelinks: has any correct webapp .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   commands
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named ''}comment user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of default values for date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  get the currently supported initialized on a sql server .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  get   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  return the current language for the current thread .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network on which the bridge belongs to .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server exists cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can return translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that score of an array of names .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  function   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to return a string for the given string .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset cell ips .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding name for the given encoding and encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  returns   connect
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current request .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator for test runner when the url cannot be set .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  const_value : definition .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  reads attributes for the conf file .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  xml   revision
truth:  output   parameter

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces 0 .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   compare
truth:  assert   a

test:  test for simple types .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return the notice representation of buffer .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert network sequences to an singular/plural volume tuple .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be posted .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  helper function to retrieve the identity identity queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  function   kill
truth:  is   null

test:  see if there are any of the given argument sections .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a cocoa os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a collectionsummarymodel summary of the datastore object as the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified user from the datastore .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  product of dimensions .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  return the name of the app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a sparse state instance .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  checks if a database exists in influxdb name the password of the user to connect as password of the user host the user host the port to port the port
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set allowed headers for the given value .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a protobuf protobuf to the provided tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a symbolic bench of the function creates a symbolic string .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  remove multi-images from system code .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  uses   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  null   get
truth:  release   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  center   center

test:  computes and y kernel kernel x in x .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete one or more const' method from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  remove   stream
truth:  shut   null

test:  dump the testcase fix in pyrax .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  dump   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a module from the given module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns hipchat link with naming_series common name .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled from the given uris float .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reads internal page links .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  pending   directory
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return the details of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the image object for a specific vm .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  tests for fast on fast make this size of bad .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a whatsnd file .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  given a list of fastq objects .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return uniform string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively retrieve the devices contributions for each contributions .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  rounds the linear ranking of the printing corpus .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  similar to existence .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs sql .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  has   django

test:  accepts a clip .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  return a random file size and the given filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  return full nibabel data in the b-values table .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   mesh
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed standard error for the mean of the values in an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   virtual
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the indices of a .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a special value of length greater than the underlying function .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  split   a

test:  sort distribution values of argument .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  threshold   return
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack arg .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  ip   partitions
truth:  pack   variables

test:  scenario class is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  count   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  adds a custom doctypes list to the section for .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   data
truth:  module   module

test:  compute the local network for nodes in g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the given parameter name according to the rules .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calls into a dictionary .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a filter object of the image dependencies of the css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieve an iterator by ignoring the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check if the output has write .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an option with an expected error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   factory
truth:  log   log

test:  check if saferepr is current auth .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights or matching the given key .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  convert a row to a checked row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the row contained in a tile row .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  get   form
truth:  null   method

test:  formats a string text: list of tags from a main tags .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists a single data directory .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should not find invalid values if given .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  match   validate
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a scp sequence with the given reverse sequence specification .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | minusequal | const_ref .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to create a custom plot axis .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  block   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  open a numeric log files .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  extend   create
truth:  write   a

test:  create a new user object from an acl list of hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  wrapper around static file .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the provided rss url is matched to the base64-encoded rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  uses http client to read the specified request object to start and start http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  salesource delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  use this to return the position of an iterable .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  use   get
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  user view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  serve permission of the caffe .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  sort sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  decorator that expects a float .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all available running spiders cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   get

test:  loads script to a new location .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge all references to keys .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return module number for a given number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   helper
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the group of the mean .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the default _transient_function .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  replace   get
truth:  override   override

test:  return config object from dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  config   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run a root user on the username server .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  returns the path of the lines of salt .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the device pointer of a device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch to the milliseconds of milliseconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the desired class .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the namespace tests .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   append
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute disjoint rank-k using a cluster size .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  cleanup several polynomials of a polynomial from a system .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a function that returns a random expression object .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  create   input
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the pkgs version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that tag is a valid certificate after calling certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  writes files to new directories .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  add protobuf content to query .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  randomly select a random permutation of size .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  helper method to generate the full time for the specified logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  access   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a namespace to the values of reachable scalars .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  convert   ec2
truth:  determines   null

test:  add a flag to the api .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get event options from 'index .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  install   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the gw netmask is a valid ip address and the subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json file as a dictionary .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   string
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that its easy transform works as expected .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get the tags for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get site query in environment .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  to   get
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  return the 2-d mri using a eeg mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   check

test:  split an item into a list of fragments .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get entire config file system via group .
truth: return env . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  read the proper file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  read   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  return a sequence of text strings .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   create
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets a users profile based on the current user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  redirects token .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  form   redirect
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default web handlers .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   try
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to the streams .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  set the summary operator to end the list of unique positions or misc cli example: .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   file
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the value of a tensor .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter twitter - all outbound twitter messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  translate user .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  to   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot and the provided service is available on boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to generate random objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  context   compute
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this will return if current theming is currently configured to read the comprehensive backend .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  the smallest helper function that collect all at least one rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  notes: is a proxy version of py .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  is   move
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke an existing privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form and form form for a project .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  array   detail
truth:  project   version

test:  adds fields for current_template_name protocol fields to update fields .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  adds   converts
truth:  make   a

test:  opens a db flags .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  opens   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  fetch   a

test:  expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  random mime count .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure elements and values of arbitrary sequence .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the square function .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   logarithm
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the vdi stored in the given location .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  for avatar .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  add a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  make a method that will produce a method in a future .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   helper

test:  same as a fast stream .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   launch
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the string with floats .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  replaces   checking
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure uuid correctly allows uuid or expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the currently registered user as set .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the local panel .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a tar resource identifier into a uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an installed version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  the idle function for sorting a and static other than a dictionary .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test non-breaking for maxima .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the given url cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   details
truth:  to   null

test:  if its a temporary folder is enabled .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  filename   page
truth:  return   a

test:  create an owslib group using classified html file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans up everything for given unused .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   delete
truth:  to   job

test:  handles a cookie to the comment form field .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate the discrete non-zero matrix for straight non-zero .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   places

test:  generate key from key file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  resets filter command through the first element .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  evaluate   user
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks whether two urls are emitted on urls .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  null   open
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all the values from all databases .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  this function tries to courseware the topic tree and a list of topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a function in a target target omit the target manager .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  resolve   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  refine a string or .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract messages from some tags .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  sanitize s with all tab replaced by spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  s   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request reset of students delete for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   reset
truth:  to   request

test:  factory function for making a *pyc expression operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the creation from the device credentials .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using pip install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a new cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of versions associated with high known .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  turn a dict of key/value pairs into a dictionary where each key is an optional key .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  sanity check to use the users password given the user .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find sls id of sls in sls by sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the global token preferred to feed status code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filters out results in a task .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  turns a log file and converts it to a list of rows .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download the best setuptools and return the directory it .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  send an ssh http .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of colors in the order given a bipartite graph .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  produces a string representation of the rfc 2822 .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  produces   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data for gantt / ledger table .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return whether the x11 compositing compositing is supported .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the current valid depth .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  selected   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return an iterator over names that are not implemented in sample_ids .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  yield   path

test:  describe a list of the vpc peering connection between 0 and iam peering .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the first file into a tuple of attributes .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that the text can be instantiated .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  skips   returns
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize a single tracebacks representation to options .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  mark   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to encoding if needed .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return a model instance with the information about each model id .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  the publicly attribute of a linear move chunks to the specified number of n .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   get
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper method to copy data from configuration variables .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  null   python
truth:  get   data

test:  given a set of bucket names .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  given   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian number to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  concatenate many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   bag

test:  this is needed to get datetime .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  null   format
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data from the deactivated cache entry .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a list of the names of all available applications in the passed deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  vcs   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  construct an l[i] rank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  find   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  right folders setting for the folder .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  need   need

test:  concatenate a list of renamed and contents of the files for each combination of the patterns .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns the list of themes names for the current theme .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  unpack header to resolve socket names .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  unpack   wrapper
truth:  receive   a

test:  return the currently logged-in user as fresh .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel usage: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if a task is created .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  clone   a

test:  add the modules from mercurial .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  block   package
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorator useful to skip tests hitting known enabled .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sort please please use this process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a url is either an absolute url or a url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets old changes .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp to integer .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine clean scores for specified shape of a grain array .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  specified   geos
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will create and return its rate and denominator load on the cluster by performing load requests at a specified cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  summarize   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  execute the operation evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   module
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   url
truth:  fix   fix

test:  check all primary models for the given conflict .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  require an empty handler .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to get url for use in url and tag name .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  tag   url
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the given url starts with a absolute path .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   check
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the save report method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  lists interfaces of interfaces cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  command   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper method to get repository metadata for a repository on the repository .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager that asserts that an enabled sendredo is useful to test for the duration of an operation .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  split an item to find valid serial code .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  null   =
truth:  split   split

test:  a fake function .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  internal function to resource resource name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  package   package

test:  generate a compiler for the given boilerplate dispatcher .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  sanity check for depth .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  creates   example
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit queue calls to queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   interface
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as them .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes inverse of the strong functions .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   null

test:  creates multiple site specific components for a model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  avoid   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   mode

test:  instantiate a new instance of reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  instantiate   decorator
truth:  hook   hook

test:  status an ssh key on root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  open   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  takes   a

test:  create the given xml nodes from a tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  creates   replaces
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns an encryption tree from the enhancements tree on the pointed tree by optionally return a tuple composed of the uptime file .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  performs   null

test:  determine if the exceptions syntax is enabled .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  shutdown   error
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip the legacy file from the tag .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   host
truth:  convert   a

test:  sanity and returns false .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  see if the image metadata can be used .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   data
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return all iterator returning a iterator of names .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  provides a list of paths from the given path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  a helper function to generate the sphere oscillator .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  this function takes a string and returns the repr() .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around platform .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to return old polynomial of f .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the sequence of text .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  get the main string by procedure downloading the file name .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  print   print

test:  return the unix threshold transform of a and b by a .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  check configurations for the specified configuration .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   show
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the data .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  split a value .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  split   key
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns list of provided keys as a string .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  does   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  return a list of the dict containing the npm noinput .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  creates   union
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate arma correlation process with arma process parameters ar : array_like autoregressive coefficients .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  gets repository repository name from the repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres user the database name to connect to connect to the users users users username name the user the user the user to
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  works   null
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general types that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  show the default form for a number of fields[field] .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  test   delete
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a machine qualified disk on a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file if it exists .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command through the remote repository .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  configures and verify the server address to use .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   new
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  gets user to view .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  records   records

test:  executes the comments from comment .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sparse kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the type name for a cffi cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  translate a process with pid -> int .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a package with pip install a package .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of feed page .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop database if tpope/vim-capslock if it exists .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  drop   configure
truth:  clear   null

test:  transforms id into safe string .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  mark   returns
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  dump   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return x with an array of k %prec .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the disk logs of an output space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  read a bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  set the total role for the given parameter .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  set   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert the probabilities into a 2d array of excess .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert x in python 2 .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  edit the multipart stream to a list of fields .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  build   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  uniquifier an asset id that contains a timestamp timestamp that has already encoded timestamp .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available hub sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of upageviews by the current revision by the given date .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version f\x with new version needed to generate with new bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --editables flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   current
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to catch http http http http response level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  turns   manager
truth:  change   change

test:  restart service via monit .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  is   null

test:  this function takes a list of numbers or 0 .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  send to wait for the prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set a custom warnings of warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  redirect   warning
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a plugin defined in the configuration file .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  split command line arguments and return a list of domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  command   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  if image is not none .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract a single step steps from string into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a reduced object for the given root .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  point   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  construct a fixed ori method for fixed ori status .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  if   check

test:  return spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  return   model
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the authentication url from the api endpoint .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   url
truth:  try   try

test:  download data from a file and return it .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  download   null
truth:  read   read

test:  checks whether the args passed into the *args argument passed in .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  read the python file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a generic function to utf-8 utf-8 bytes into unicode for coercing .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  load an image from a dataset .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the position on the current line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  adds a message on text fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  adds   step
truth:  step   step

test:  get a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that parallel information can be deleted .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   tabs
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the function f to the new byte string .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  writes   use
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can be initialized in matlab .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a standard untracked pattern with correct directories .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   interfaces
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterator iterator .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  get course items in the course with the given number of tuples .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  get   works
truth:  null   a

test:  used for doctest/unittest strings to generate an rational test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  used   implements
truth:  is   null

test:  is this a string a iterable of things .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that can call another template .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals plot .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   replace
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set of matching objects .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  display all orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  aggregate   compute
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  this function finds the default stim timestamp .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  function   configuration
truth:  default   stim

test:  clear a simple flag for master and skips the result .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a url to a list of available services .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  compile a list of of of images and resolving flags .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and delay .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  function for simple case of a file .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  computes an negative cie-lab index given a pooling color .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  null   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  load config from a specific configuration file .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  config   changes
truth:  update   update

test:  attempts to get the connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   test

test:  check whether it is tail of text .
truth: from url . 
test:  check   return
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a user with ids of all collections that the given creator who to .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  process source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  process   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  insertionsort implementation of item binary search for 1 .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in the given name and returns the callers unicodeencodeerror as an unsigned .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the largest centrality for g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert allocated time for given address and plotly .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  executes   geocoding
truth:  time   time

test:  creates two targets for files .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  creates   count
truth:  -   -

test:  remove an object from connections[senderkey]except .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an kwargs['keyname'] type .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id if such that package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path starts with a test .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test a member to a member of suggestion .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  skips   counts
truth:  default   default

test:  import a path .
truth: same as os . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  installs one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  installs   packages
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the relevant of the first item in the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   pid
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  use an event on a string @todo: restful the discretize backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  retrieve   configuration
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry is less than entry .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure multipart request of content-type can be used as provided .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  code   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create a static zone .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a filter to check if a user can download the group access for a group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   tests

test:  gpu_from_host) -> gpuelemwise(gpu_from_host) .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  return   string
truth:  process   a

test:  create a new dict with data: users .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  create   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle search output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get privs' details cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the dot product of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test intervals and monitor multiple hosts .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   pings
truth:  control   control

test:  maximum '\\\\$' .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  shared   url
truth:  format   a

test:  create a zs[ array for an image .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the current top-level version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   representation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a client .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  stores   profile
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  link   compare
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given path does not exist .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the service_dir+name .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete bookmark completion by bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  clear   session
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group types to group type for project_id .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   group
truth:  access   access

test:  try to get a data directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   path
truth:  return   return

test:  verifies a tls url is used by the given url or not .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a spec directive or pep 302 node .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  see url .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  url   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the type of a commands[name]except .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  retrieves   item
truth:  return   return

test:  remove invalid extension from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   escape
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit denied -- the permission for an existing report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set the value of an event given its value .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  extract the selected index from close .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a {'pool' .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   vpnservice
truth:  create   a

test:  do not allocate a vector of the given list of values .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  create a new cluster instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  wrapper for calling transforms and passing into the modules object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  given   up
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a fixed-width or a sharedobject to another .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   convert
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get query for given user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  get   counts
truth:  null   notifications

test:  test that "hubble" can pass to perfectly column-based .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  url   percent
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the hadoop provider of a particular coupon instance .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   enum
truth:  verify   signature

test:  import dotted filename into dotted fields .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  import   none
truth:  used   null

test:  helper function to talk to the provided username .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute place of the referer function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of a process .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  read metamorph tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  get a group groupings matrix from db groupings for each of the specified group ids .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  get   queries
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads local .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clone   root
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the load days based on a specific credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  set   set

test:  set a new session list of dbms parameters .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  we support support %} in template context .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  register   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a time in a datetime to the given time .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get a specific region safe for an region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  to   value

test:  this method is called if it is installed .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the user .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of descendants objects of the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to be called for the given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  this function is called by the tests .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   log
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return list of against a dictionary .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  list   function
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the mixed log decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns a sorted list of courses courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  safely remove the absolute filename .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that enables function signature .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create source node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  create   option
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return path to the patch file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   =
truth:  patch   patch

test:  a decorator for creating a container to be set .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  returns a list of sql keys for specified flavor .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a dict of unknown flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump options and applies them to the log message .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  dump   info

test:  export an operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  export   export
truth:  assert   assert

test:  creates a template identifier for a given user .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  creates   mailing
truth:  enable   enable

test:  order a record .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  input   runs
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the given address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates an image for given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  executes   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image should be shrunk so that the longest is 32px .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  is   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   http
truth:  null   data

test:  make sure the issues of a line can be used .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  register   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract multi-byte keys from role .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  insert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to pickle the string from an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets json data from http session .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  null   info
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  apply a function returning a single shared variable *name* .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  computes   decorator
truth:  chained   a

test:  deletes files from an delete instance .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   network
truth:  empty   null

test:  save decorators to exists in the setting with weights .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  undo   domain
truth:  populate   populate

test:  helper function to create profile profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the quoted place for the given path .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* spins of the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   find
truth:  select   null

test:  get observatory database for an sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   get
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the html file using the html level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  decorator to skip test if the test case is pytest .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean flowgrams to string .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy list from a criteria .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   astroid

test:  push push configuration to the url and other configuration .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  takes a container and relevant it as a recent service .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  print   a

test:  logarithm of *x* .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  convolve   x

test:  returns the geometric labels of the gradients between y and vectors labels .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  on windows .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  import and return all vispy vispy command below the directory .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  import   import

test:  check if a line is a multiline 1 .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test installing from a wheel wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  null   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  roll back the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  roll   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  convert the given fair curve to the given 1-d @simplefilter .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the quadratic log correlation coefficient .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   command
truth:  null   routine

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 image is a out-of-date .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  null   a
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sum of the a[ia] .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  writes a network to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  function   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse kernel as input .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   controller
truth:  check   check

test:  custom fetch fetch on a json history history .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the quotas for all quotas .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  validates   validates

test:  retrieve completions of url .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   info

test:  get full icon copy of a user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   add
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a list of tuples from a list of dictionaries .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used for simplified html forms can be used in html forms .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  based   null
truth:  to   null

test:  in python 2 this is an elemwise .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  search for without anything .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the encoding name used by encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  return   try
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a bookmark edit menu for each event loop .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the comparative or the beginning of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string to a probability distribution .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  arrays   long
truth:  null   a

test:  reads the secret key and returns the contents of the specified file .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a bson string to python string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  process   utility
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  remove   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalizes data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track object .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  create   view
truth:  make   a

test:  return the name of a uid for the specified uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new app factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  gets the user and returns the list of models .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  interpret interpret interpret interpret interpret interpret interpret interpret
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all json user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   config
truth:  list   list

test:  poll some worker to appear .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  assert that bem for bem .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  assert   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a nmap to a file .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   split
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate over the given corrected .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  command   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  hessian robust covariance matrix for subprocess .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   fraction
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  returns the hash hash for the given port .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote / characters in a url; .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  get reference to an authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the detected number of detected for a given student .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat repeat function .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  seconds   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  this function prepares a single corpus of a file .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper method to return a list of attributes of the given data .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  splits   counts
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator to <claim+plugin> function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  context   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database dictionary .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   type

test:  sign the named jth reviewer in the this file .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  set the specific database to a specific database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  set   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return an object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a 2d function using axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   a

test:  open a dataframe in the associated tree at which the given tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  open   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of paths in the package list .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current stack from the shared context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   sets
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a file to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   init
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  xml   context
truth:  get   get

test:  set the current timezone for a given period of time .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as controlb .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple view for testing purposes .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  optional function for evaluated .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  changes the token required by the requests .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  changes   records
truth:  context   processor

test:  find the default group and items will be used for a specific key .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read *exactly* chunks from data accordingly accordingly sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return apps in models from django applications .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list subscriptions of a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  list   subscriptions
truth:  get   subscription

test:  return active configuration of given interface .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  fetch   add
truth:  rules   rules

test:  return the mime type of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure that a group' group has been set .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   new
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns an encoded digest for given block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments have : according to urllib .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  return the apply data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  step   return
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns a function with the name of the python constants .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  converts string to bytes .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  string   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a range of strings into the continuem integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  converts   a

test:  do not include one element of *seq* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  do   null
truth:  return   return

test:  always return false cli example: .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   os

test:  echo a file or setup data .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group rule from the cidr .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  default   default

test:  delete media .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   update
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard or docked interactive window of interactive languages say we should create interactive interactive window for interactive interactive interactive interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  filter one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  github   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the variable with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add migration replication data .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if the object points to be on-time .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a list of requested modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  =   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  null   power

test:  set a new change after each key in a zip .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  set   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  split a pathname into a drive form for the given path and path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   function
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns a list of topics that have a given topics .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a version of hdu .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  custom view for disk images into docker mode .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a filter to filter items from a metadata or a lazy response .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a version of the strings .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop reallocation section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns the module is an object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table in the table and return a standard nftables command format .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a regex .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated from the string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns an array representation of iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  set a stylesheet button to be used .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  set   shortcut
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of the items in order .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  reverse function to 6 use instead of strings .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  reverse function to %son%s' .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  function   config
truth:  null   handler

test:  return all nodes of bipartite graph using a bipartite graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  answer a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the given runner and return its output .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list available auth for all available commands cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  template   template

test:  attempt to output a dictionary quadrature from the graph .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  to   api
truth:  export   method

test:  python2 of the wavefunction table .
truth: process part . 
test:  ensure   manager
truth:  process   part

test:  make up tab names on windows converted into one .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  median -> int division depending on the a1 .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  minimize   compare
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a list of versions to be passed to the current existing .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  restore   resource
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a class with all target target .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test for reproducible .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parameters output : bool .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized result .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  look for a python datetime from the bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   open
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps timestamp for the given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   command
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   issue
truth:  null   table

test:  get a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  form   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate system seed .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  construct an iterable of unique elements from iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a template into an optional template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test birthdays w .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   translate
truth:  if   check

test:  remove tabs from course using course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string in an url .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  parse   encode
truth:  extract   slug

test:  page fraction -> list of tuples .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  order   endpoint
truth:  get   page

test:  prints information about the output of a given cell header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   output
truth:  prints   prints

test:  accepts an upgrade tcp user or upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  accepts   version
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize a release release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate products representing vms in a @todo: axes .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes model version information to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  extend a exit if input is enabled then post the output to the file .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json put .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  generate a pep distance between 0 and n331 .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  given   sample
truth:  to   helper

test:  we want to reset to that password correctly handles a reset action button .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  to   identity_providers
truth:  view   view

test:  write a single configuration file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  write   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download 'swarm- then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   upload
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the scipy coefficients for a digital potential vector .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  compute   coefficients
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash according to the pbkdf2 bit hash .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  prints a pydoc .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  shows   a

test:  return the name of the di-nucleotides module .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the eventlet .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the 'trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given object is a hash object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le assignment_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check for common site-packages responder near <ctrl-x> installed .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pull
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw copy of raw wcslib_wrap .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  hashing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the file has been changed .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  test if the legacy config has been legacy .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  set   return
truth:  config   config

test:  escape the s name from the given position in it .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  converts   converts

test:  sends admin action to console .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  finds the full engine engine engine info of the shell .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  finds   implements
truth:  drops   drops

test:  initialize a configuration object for a request .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a vm vm cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  instructs a list of ['restorecon' the default configuration file .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  files   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string containing the python version classes .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used to be the log verbosity .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  the restful handler for edits an anonymous api page .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a case where there is no concurrency while uploading .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  returns true if an agent is a valid agent string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   css

test:  return the details of editable fields .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  upgrade app .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  require   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns the supplied string representation of the address passed to the unicode string .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  compute the three mutablemappings derivative of the denominator equation .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate names if a user with a email address and then i emails .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   decorator
truth:  return   user

test:  translate a python 2 on python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  if   python

test:  get the version of an element and parse its binding .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract only the snmp data from a snmp character string and extract the appropriate data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the 'bits version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  show   current

test:  return the script cache object .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  whether the argument looks like a cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  decide   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolves the list into max numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  turns   generate
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  return the maximum of an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to have any dimensions .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the value of the first variable .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for enum class .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the provided callables - its callables .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a template for a handler on a caller .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make sure no unknown completion is invalid .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  make   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a new object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transliterate unicode characters to byte string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function extracts the features of f as a list of features separated by wait() .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   classification
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an state like representation for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to find the certificate keychain the certificate to install the certificate password the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  restart a traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  checks user and serve a dictionary of objects .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt data with 32bit unicode strings .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  pad   binary
truth:  based   null

test:  save the device to the zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  save   null
truth:  register   register

test:  read a sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  read   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the given user has access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a single path .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment entry from the given amount of renewal times .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers for given object .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  returns the modified archive provider for the given filename .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary is modified in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  adds   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces text text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   params
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge sorted inputs from key .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of backgroundability padded the discussion id and the xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant a mongodb roles to a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  add   null
truth:  grant   one

test:  find and return a new module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  releases indexing with message .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  copies   add
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns f + a constant x .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   support
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract a single tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only generate a string for tabs .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  ask   null

test:  for replication arp .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a mavlink way to return the mounted system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  null   value
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the current remote on modem" settings :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  this function is only used to calculate the confidence [0 .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  function   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress filepath section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  start   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  optimized   null

test:  similar to coords .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  create server to port server running server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  start   run
truth:  null   api

test:  send an sms text to a phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a function to create an exponential over a given exponential directory .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function to generate a note['n stream of note['n bytes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  function   stream
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica data random channels .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a test if a python module is true .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json "epics as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   int
truth:  attach   null

test:  return the date in the database .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  update   version

test:  send a relative account object .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering request section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   rows
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to format an issue separated by jb words .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls for the filter .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if executing command execution is available .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find the specified element with css_selector element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  try to find the named snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  is   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  dont use the data prior to transform .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  -   -

test:  simple wrapper for the schemas training .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively iterate over all fields in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  a utility function to check if a user has studio access to the course set .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  removes theano .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash password hash .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  write   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  constructs the entities from the datastore .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  32bit version of x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for behaviour of classes .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  simplified a boolean value based on its true .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  restores   filter
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send and update the result of a fileobj pickle .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  send   a
truth:  write   null

test:  write the directory for 'rst' file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  common code for a function .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  call   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  parses tp entries from continuously .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  converts   attempts
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   launch
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run when a package is not supported .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  block   individual
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  computes the du['pos'] weight of services .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract the same settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the cross cross entropy between the output: and the output: k .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute c loss between predicted and v_1 + utilities .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   endpoint
truth:  computes   null

test:  all items are unique .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   items
truth:  return   return

test:  list all policy for the specified user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorates a function to be called via the decorated functions .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the value in dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  set   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test chart rendering with a none .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper to get the number given a given phone number in region .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  show a single image interpolation for the accepted image in sent to the new data with at least one .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  show   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  wrapper for whitespace .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of the given python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  receives -> str return the input source strings for the user .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the gui from a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  url   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user needs to log in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a new python3 input .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  uses the effective clause method to convert the current value to a dictionary .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a numpy array that is used to generate a numpy array .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of main at x of pelican filter returns the gcd of pyimport_getimporter returns y: main gyz of which to be used .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   service
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  require a filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   filesystem
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop supervisord between info and agent .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the metadata reference to the xenapi location .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string representing the parsed ones of strings .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  decode an http response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  get a datetime object for section .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  get   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be a "cross-platform" path; path; path; .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the cyclic group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clear the regular expression logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  create an iterable of of of filename .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get line of the old line .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  compute   md5

test:  turn text with django commas .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get a list of objects .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects vision in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  lists   monitor
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a datetime .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raft the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return overrides tuples in '1970 .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   update
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  recursively replace decimal traversal of a transformation node with the least one traversal of the node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  unignores in the aoa tool from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  generate a random string of the trailing job characters .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if d is a valid field .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the query format .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  object   return
truth:  null   null

test:  save data to a given file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  store   change
truth:  writes   null

test:  check for a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  see   null

test:  creating log rfc822 .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   run
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  reorder python positions into addons line size .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing can type_qualifier using double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   step
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke signals on a task to signals .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   replacement
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return whether differences are dict difference between two strings .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the ps boto .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  start   a

test:  creates grpc role for path_info .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  load   current

test:  verify that the number of characters are per datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading table value .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse "data" letters in list of words into a end element and notation .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  adds an old message to the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  adds   sets
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return a hex digest of a given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert the argument to an argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   cast_expression
truth:  to   attempts

test:  format timestamp for display to a datetime .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  render an optional display error .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   context
truth:  show   django

test:  the path of the dependency tool is in the given dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  create   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that receive the object is a user-defined generator that can be used in __future__ .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: class -> language class is ignored .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to message .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  parameters params : theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   like
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  configures logging all the root loggers .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the current default path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   return

test:  return a n-steps .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  insert   up
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion reallocation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  request   section
truth:  control   control

test:  the user account if names .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user has been set to login if none .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate random string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in the current search for line number .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  search   search

test:  loads the contents of the json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the grunfeld data and returns a dataset .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   view
truth:  default   default

test:  run a command and wait for a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  null   a

test:  name and returns a valid ip address .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  name   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test if pip<pyversion> has a egg .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that passes a tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the two key=value lines of found lines to determine the two lines .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the list of instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in a dictionary of guidata .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize a log file .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a line where each row has exactly profile .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   mean
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer or unicode to a byte array .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given filename is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the dialling suffix of a key .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all permission requests associated with the given obj and assigns the result to a context variable .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  turns pending app prompt for a prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  assign   like
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : while lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a simple task function to hide for all the pipelines .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   configuration
truth:  null   field

test:  read a mopt if bytes from buffer was loaded .
truth: return major . 
test:  read   x
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the resource should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  determine the file descriptor to use for default .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  determine whether a particular python ethernet request is a valid python type .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first series of iterables .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a new yaml class from the data .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   backend
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the script cache object .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  bulk ip addresses .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  ip   instances
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with two mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yield a refs refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   info

test:  is this a datasource of its xml attributes .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this finds a multiframe to the location for the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  compute the absolute segment from merging of back-end .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  compute   uninstall
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper for creating a warning before the streams .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  reports   generate
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns collection containing integer .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks if target is present .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  indicates   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  clear the theme class used for the current theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  clear   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  try to replace all tests from a given list of messages .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wrapper to compute the elements from the nested tuple .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  to   get
truth:  nested   get

test:  returns a list of tuples suitable for lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  returns   transforms
truth:  null   parser

test:  invert a dictionary containing pairs from list of groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  create   columns
truth:  map   map

test:  return true if value is a file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  turns   wrapper
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates a token descriptor for the given url .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs coverage dict for each grid .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc toc extensions to its config file path .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that the username of the user is persist to modify persist .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan and network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  determines if the given string is masked .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the threshold for two matrices by a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test for linear regression .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines whether a python widget is a valid default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  function   return
truth:  to   null

test:  mqtt case of _ for testing .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the image from disk .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a beaker fingerprint for the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  determine if a loop is inside another loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  function   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinclude object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  index_name for c{g}s process .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   item

test:  calls mr .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  calls   call
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack tab replaced by a tab .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   get
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  dummy implementation of urls .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description of a given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open left on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in maintenance cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  returns a list with the given length from the most common v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of watchers nodes and returning it to compress the topic tree can specify the topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate an array of image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  points   points

test:  create a category from a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops of the loop .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns any activating and returns validate_is_instance bytes .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert to a python object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   function

test:  a fake warnings for doctests purposes .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  warnings   view
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a tablespace to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the name of this working and block device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  returns video song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  run   page
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert human readable length bessel length to boolean .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the default authenticated user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  verifies whether the shape is of the docstring .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get the preferred tour for confirmation .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  ask if a rectangle matches some arbitrary flags .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  sends a room to the appropriate v1 token .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  return a replacement for the specified stub thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to inject a carrier description for the given phonenumber number .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  format information for a local secret user the project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   return
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse an http url into a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  ensure that installing an image exists .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether the path is a device path .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  to   get
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a list of tuples are valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  decode the given server_string string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  helper to generate a json graph with the specified path .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  to   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  resolves rc to generic stop/start rc .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  query   add
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a single doc object .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  returns   doctype
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  return true if the provided string is a valid ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read the .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   a
truth:  show   show

test:  check if the directive is a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  is   return
truth:  null   method

test:  add a page to the list of items .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the base file extension .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  map   a

test:  tell tell tell if comments are there is a dict and place the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  are   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be a "cross-platform" path; path; file .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds and returns the input polynomial for each threads in x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  like   like

test:  evaluate a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  run a package with unary_expression .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  construct   flocker
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a test method that has no positional arguments .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of the messages that are not been done by the current context .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in a ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  checks that the type is a constraint .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return firewall command .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  add   version
truth:  default   default

test:  is this a sequence of clustering .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  is   info
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a statistics of 8-bit subscription into the supplied statistics .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload sudo package .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  files   upload
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a rfc keyboard .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  inline   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns the hermite rate limiting of a service .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetches   list
truth:  objects   objects

test:  raft the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  parse a file containing the arguments in a python process .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  source   source

test:  computes the average mean of the given latitude .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  evaluate   average
truth:  get   get

test:  try to resolve a function from an absolute dataframe sentences .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window with a simple blackman # a string .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  casts a file into an int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a variable with the specified name and returns it .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  return a human-readable term to a given term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this endpoint is used to return the ret['res'] mode .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  return   information
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns the node nodes in the order to run a given graph nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the given image url .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  like pypureomapi but returns empty if it was unused or prime .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute an image from a network image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  complete maxmind .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  raising   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a function/method method with a specified name .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the most resources for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  remove the hosts and last endpoint of the request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  sign   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the gpu conversion is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to connect to the specified system cli example: .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  return the system roles of the current server .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  return   link
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  multiplicity autotagging enum_seq method .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  modify   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate view and quote events in the *route_dist* .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  decorate   file
truth:  to   null

test:  generate an input sampled on each inputs of n elements .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance in the database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to inject a new command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  null   a
truth:  git   git

test:  creates new year from a year or a exception .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  creates   signals
truth:  to   test

test:  define a function this function calls the variance pointer to describe the work argument passed using the operation containing the operation .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   filesystem
truth:  define   a

test:  changes the values of memcache in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test to ensure that the widget can be pickleable .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   enum
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches with tag from a given tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  missing argument of missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  compile   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  like print_exc() but for display .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  like   string
truth:  return   a

test:  declare the currently used to use an step .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remote a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parses a show quality of a file and returns the status .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  log   history

test:  use command with google-python-api-client and password to execute multiple parity .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  command   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  this method is called from the given user .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  equate of the z point in the pre-existing .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets for using removing non-blocking collection .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  using   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  crop of the y .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout and captured_stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   a

test:  reset the current audio stream that is passed in the epoch .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get a generic python object .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event object .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  these are no special bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   a

test:  called by name .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  called   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update a running service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  git   run
truth:  config   config

test:  if the given user has course access to the given course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  value   check
truth:  function   function

test:  instead of the nexml .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  remove the configured file path .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create nested raised .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  perform   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string for snapshots of view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the quota image members for this image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  gpu gpu memory and gpu memory .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  providing   javascript
truth:  set   set

test:  determine a inheriting + static document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  open   document
truth:  append   append

test:  set the member with resources in the group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  set   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  run an uri_rewrites .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  collect   parameters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a demonstration instruction and return its members .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list for which the <filter> function returned to provide a list for tree nodes .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  return an filters on which a callable of filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given command and then reload them to the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  form   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  inserts function for :func:idz_sfrm pdb env .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  function   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  creates a new c{info_callback} for a given site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  create   notification
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of this python backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   null
truth:  backend   backend

test:  construct a list of tuples of given image from the possible data .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  map   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  stops a package name container name or id refresh force a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in order to sort against greater than or equal to .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  find a country code that is from a phone index or algorithm .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses management account for management service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  takes a list of strings and returns a named value .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is not too long and matches range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a type over the given name .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  run   equation
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   binary
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  did the vertex indices of a source space using a forward operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  to   intervals
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   f
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a daily with the given type .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an ssp operator .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   a
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  grab a query object and a service that is used to serialize an page calls the homepage .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts the given address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  bytestring -> primary key with the same context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   content
truth:  create   a

test:  find the most likely to compute the top of a given index .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if necessary .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  create   create

test:  sort a list of sequences .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  determine whether a given checking is a mixed of a list of six values .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  null   variant

test:  loads messages from ~/ .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  starts   image
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find a stim channel file for a fits file .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   test
truth:  if   test

test:  checks if a module is an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  returns   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of user names currently being used by the provider .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer to a boolean of a positive integer .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  utility function to do the correct channel .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test eip .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  error   error

test:  recursive function to get the current 4: pbd .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add the indexes for a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount a single target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   null
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convenience function to create a connection with utility urls .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return whether the given file is a string .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  updates   users
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main program handler .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  control   run
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  parses token of an estimated key in a tuple of information .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  determine a list of groups from a orbit that has a relative degree from a list of classes .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to display an event html element .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  function   event
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  does the given list of randomly sampled points .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a file has a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  makes a mapping of bookmark from a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  reading   print
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the version of the opf file .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a string for tree or node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format an image into a relative url .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   response
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema be used for a proportion .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an http request id .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  context   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  resolve all parameters in resource type .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  close   compute
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  return media media library list .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  get   media

test:  temporarily finds the filters in py3_base_modules force formats all filters .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the names to create an parameter_value_overrides connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   remote
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get and back the circle intersections .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  normalize input to input .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test if we are able to marathon docker calls .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  ping   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the load associated with a specified jid .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute the namespaces for a return .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  compute   user
truth:  provide   information

test:  constructs the restful crud key for a course via prepopulated_fields .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  helper function to read an int from a number of integer lexicographical .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  show information for volumes mounted on specified raid .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   statistics
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an executable file by invoking invoking none .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  update   update

test:  execute code in the given namespace namespace if the given module will run them into the following namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  simple example on window formats .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  check   replacement
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the server via subprocess .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  find a fst configuration file and returns a list for existing directories which determines if filename is .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts embedded property and embedded key to latest freshdesk .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  go   null

test:  test what gets a hosts file fail for custom objects .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  warnings   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  add a new .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  return the currently active connection to the current thread .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if mat is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the inverse of x as vectors x in x x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats msg into an priority standard msgelse string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  test   file
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add contacts to our metadata .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   endpoint
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of resource as a full blob .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  does   fs
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resize an image object .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  guess   generate
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the name of the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  first item from the iterable .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules for a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   return
truth:  using   null

test:  compute unique vector for a 2-d image x .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a + b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   division
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to base base base base base url .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to build the questions for a given series_id if a given question is made then the data are displayed @todo: remove questions .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  takes a list of text and converts it into a formatted text using an integer .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to generate an image from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets list of failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  build   build

test:  get an allocated vnc ports by iterating over a given port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the variable is none .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the gui .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  initialize   null

test:  grab and returns stack given the path .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  emits the trigger handler for the configuration .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  trigger   callback
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up an existing record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  overrides   format
truth:  solves   problem

test:  this view is called via the user to generate a json with the given user_id and the given course_key for the given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  accepts   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an selinux representation to a list of strings .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   converts
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete an html for a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to copy data from eeg vector .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method that calls to a new request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get a service catalog for the given service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  squared   null
truth:  select   null

test:  get encoding and return its encoding .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations to cmdmod .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  null   update
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the config directory if needed .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   users

test:  validate a dictionary of legacy qos specs and the specified volume type .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate unique elements of an first element .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  function   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  calculates the tstd of the chi-squared mean .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  calculates   shows
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return a random subset of "b" characters in length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts to unicode .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unserialize qurl to naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  find   find

test:  round value .
truth: get the round . 
test:  value   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation of an existing row with given rows and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  null   in
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fetch string access .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  string   accept
truth:  transform   transform

test:  get the root version .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  show   find
truth:  perform   a

test:  signal keys starting with specific keys .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  start : outputs a outputs from outputs .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  using   info
truth:  -   -

test:  return true if the list of files in filenames .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  return   version
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an smtp email with both either via both .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  to   function
truth:  email   email

test:  turns a date in datetime into datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run the z3 suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if zabbix module is available .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   load
truth:  load   load

test:  simple scenario for estimation .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  count   app
truth:  null   response

test:  returns an object .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node n .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test a base proxy settings .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  simple sequences for allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the given value is a tuple .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   check

test:  iterates a dictionary by keys in the keys .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  iterates   return
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a message for a conf .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  find a node with the desired email aliases .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  given   split
truth:  null   queue

test:  return a list of all registered plugins .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  send   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the current date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of numbers .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  truncates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for marking a function with a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the specified line is currently installed .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a task identified by the course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  for second holiday of two adjacent ones! if holiday falls on next .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  compute an comma-separated list from a 1f' chunks .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  scan the querying of a discussion user .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that asserts that we are assigned to a stdout while unhandled sys .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   code
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of ordering .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   monitor
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   return

test:  like _simplesizer except for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  find and return true if the idle is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a list of accepted as a single command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  list   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  construct a new collection with all attributes from the given clip .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  construct   options
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a importer used to create a new git app .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write the list of inactive commits to the given path .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  get the default table for the given instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  get   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  run a message from unread .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  using   target
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll timeout description .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  disable the schema in the given instance in match .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  rewrite   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of nova exceptions .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   method

test:  delete given elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if python interpreter was installed via prefix .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  find an instance of a previous ip addresses .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the wait_for_debugger component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   configuration
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is subclass of the given root .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of the job has been processed html .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  null   null

test:  rewrite the version number information on the cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  if   null

test:  performs and decode the given controller on the given controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger id .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  install node version .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  upgrade   prints
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of or none .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  dump length memory in 6200 .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  replace   attempt
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting at source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  generate   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  compute best source source given a container .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an arbitrary tensor and a base tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  start a vm by name .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  look   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for coordinates .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic directional movement index rating .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current branch .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume iterator n-steps the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   format
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce a boolean to a type .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  cast   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks whether it has any key occurs in the given expression .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  null   a
truth:  blocking   non

test:  return the object from a variable .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse the options and get param .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   keys
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check whether a process command exists in the current process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  these a 2d structuring element .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  array   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the os'] configuration and generate the given configuration if provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap in the logger .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   build
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  runs a function as a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download the file from yanns website .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the class for attribute *attr* and implementing attribute *attr* for attribute *attr* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a template tool file .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   file
truth:  if   test

test:  create an user with both the specified name and refresh refresh the domain type .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expand a sequence into the object .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator to apply new random filter names to the class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current default etry headers .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  modified modified file and log the appropriate fields in %s-%s' .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  recursively use of esxi server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  using   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gets an instance of iterable stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  associate   a

test:  pass violations for violations and requires violations .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find all of the base directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   filename
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tokens or a string to a c{tuple} .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured serializer id .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert n dimensions in an array to find most assert_is or each string of the given chunks of n > products .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  turn   format
truth:  format   format

test:  converts all uppercase options to a dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket on the ssl connection .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  computes a function that returns a profiles for the underlying request .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  enables   a

test:  this function from media list items on media manner .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  lists   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete password page .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  test that trace are class with trace stats .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  token   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  container_type : lpar | set_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  appends sp_password to the end of the comment can be sent into a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql text file .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   enforces
truth:  complete   null

test:  get vertex installation process angle .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   path

test:  compute the time in seconds of the given time .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  compute   seconds
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent of the directory path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   order
truth:  order   order

test:  check for precision .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  select an server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  select   generate
truth:  server   server

test:  find a regular expression containing a regular expression .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   images
truth:  find   image

test:  convenience function for given matrix synthesis .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  a simple traceback handler for ajax response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   version
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that fail the template output of the message .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper function to get an email with a confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  access   email
truth:  send   send

test:  add notifier to string argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  elements that is described as a tuple .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  try to get a proxy environment variable and environment variables to the environment variable .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  read   proxy

test:  private method for untranslated files - build directories .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  delete all templates records for a given loop and installs again taken .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get known entry from a specific attachments group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  get   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return true if the prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a generator of limit .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  send   version
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct vector definition we copy for the specified activity validators .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  create an error response for the request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the base class named name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment configured on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all available compiler flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the object is a generator .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a function that creates a new course directory .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  function   export
truth:  check   check

test:  sort iterable object using sorted order .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  slices   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic gpujoin .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from a new volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively return a unix argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  square   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  load the modified cache its param .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  load   information
truth:  caching   null

test:  parse a list of the given path .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  parse   generator
truth:  display   display

test:  fetches executable core .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   get

test:  single amount of amount of amount wrapper to attach to a new counter .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  check to see if the provided value is of the restricted rules .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  null   authorization

test:  two-view columns of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  short   tokens
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a config object that will open a config file .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  parse the server/portal flag .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return text with text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the fully version of currently installed .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the value of a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  parses a text containing a document .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  parses   reader
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   returns
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   get
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : const_value plus const_value .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  clear root module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  clear   import
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the given wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   environment
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random s3 directory for the given batched .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with exceptions for the specified module .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  like numpy .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string has been signed using the gjr cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make sure data passed to byte string .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  child a child tree to child processes in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  file   file

test:  catch the parameters from a space-separated list of arguments params .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   params
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorate context if functions is changed .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a numpy array to a tree .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is contained in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  generate rip speed up content for rip was base16 .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   callable
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the markup for the given markup .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load config files for the linking library .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  config   imports
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load a given filename from the minion loads what it is called .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   split
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap arguments with tornado .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  returns new abc folder containing none .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   try

test:  sets a sudsobject to stderr .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  rendered   page

test:  the utility for asks lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extract the status of a value from the given sabnzbd .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  value   value

test:  loads the samples from a file .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   null
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return whether a user has contributor permissions .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  offset   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterate over the events in a prodoc .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the facet titles .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  returns the current html of the section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return method object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for concrete 2 .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until a file has captured_stdout .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  from thrown .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  null   num
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return string of an exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  string   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be updated with a project .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for issue function/method .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return neighbor of a neighbor neighbors .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a path into two edges .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  split   swap
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level flattened .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove all the directories from the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a seq-object matrix to an integer .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get grouped port groups for a list of grouped port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decode a date format .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run :mod:cmd .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  return the os version of supported extension .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the one-line object from a given object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the generator of all the entire root of a post-order or iterator .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown strings .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  pytree the number of chunks of an index then the index .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  quotes   splitting
truth:  enforce   a

test:  utility function that parses the input string and returns the appropriate part of the input .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  function   summary
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the 'ipaddr' line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a no-op feature .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  uninstall a package with a setup .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstall   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  open text through a given writer and write to file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  text   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test some advanced directories .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that camelcase output can be used as intended .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get marker parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculates root function in points .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to add mappings check .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  log   copy
truth:  support   support

test:  strict array in a new array .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   string
truth:  split   split

test:  return unicode name .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of unique connections for this sender of the raw sender and signal number .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a model for the specified content on the content so it is deprecation a reasonable decorator parameters .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  model   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  classify the rcode version of pyrax .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert markdown text into raw mode .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  pads the operation in a list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   namespace
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main entry point for target uploads .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  generate the directories whose names and save to the phyloxml file .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  logs a specific url .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  get the public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  get   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of the keys in the dictionary .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of bad epochs .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  multiply array elements in a theano tensor .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  fix   fix

test:  the whole does grouping should have a string .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  output   output

test:  decorator to generate a command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   get
truth:  run   run

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad objects to operate on cross block padding .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   percentage
truth:  apply   standard

test:  produce an epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand redundant spline .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor with uniform distribution # arguments shape: a tensor .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  establish protocol handler for the proxy .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  construct   url
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of canvas for common to gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  package   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for specified resource and multiple fields .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   data
truth:  usage   usage

test:  switch whatever a trunk group .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  join   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns standard deviation of standard polynomials from standard .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  reshapes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  cursor using cursor .
truth: list own . 
test:  form   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the string from a text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert rabbitmqctl information from standard 5 and basis to standard deviation .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  given   address
truth:  function   function

test:  set the given properties on an instance .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   alias
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a tag with a tree between two strings .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the type of the object as a scalar-like tree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  helper to check the spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determines if a fraction is valid .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  if   async
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reads from a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the name of a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run a command on the operation system .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  null   add
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list of available access to the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of best zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for recv_process .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  null   function
truth:  release   release

test:  returns the authentication for the given user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  is   list
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an instance of an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   undo
truth:  source   source

test:  return the sid for this windows version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  migrates the specified content-type processor .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  unserialize   view
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  calculate if the get spectral return a configured element in key exchange .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function makes a finnish for a provided compile wire wire tag .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bytes in bytes for at most of the given file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a cors is some allowed than 1 .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  transform an rgb file to an rgb image .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return script name of the package specified by name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  package   return
truth:  returns   script

test:  returns the configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate internal length of externally authenticated user .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send a joining report to a single-element using scanning .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  send   uppercase
truth:  null   a

test:  return query as suggested 3986 specific to query .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  return   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary structure with the given shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the username index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the penn for which the word is never leaves array_like .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  load   load

test:  does this contain a channel of ascii characters .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   predicate
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper to extract field of the given name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the password dict and returns the response .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check a function to make sure it is used .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  check   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorate cached size of a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set the current slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   conversion
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge dictionary d keys into a dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  create a user object or if it does not exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test our a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  send a message to systemd api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  send   start
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python values to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  do   value
truth:  null   method

test:  list all nopoliciesfound' principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a given descriptor to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a list of names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   in
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  compute the precision on a file or a and b .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects pointer .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  emulate   inverse
truth:  running   in

test:  check if a file is a regex we can be used as a following line of a line .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  open   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the python module for this windows python module .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of rownum with one dtype name .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  move   returns
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reallocation command section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   status
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this function supports an autocorrelation trouble check if the compatible roots is used .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the word evaluators as pathname .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run the list of files into a string and return the path to the root directory .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  patch   update
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the schedule for a given job .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   a

test:  install an existing comment output by csf .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  runs a report in the current server .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster names based on a cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  forces a function which returns a dataframe with a new elements of the given node .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make sure that the result provides a n['excess .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   multiple
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset loops from the loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given value is a hexidecimal list .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   paths
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  read from django .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  initializes   null

test:  check ssh private key to use .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  ssh   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a figure to the figure with the specified language .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get a redis client from the specified redis version .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  converts a groovy into a protobuf .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the requested document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex begin of which qstring the view of a string if you use it instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  control   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   hexadecimal
truth:  header   header

test:  constructs and returns a c{entry} executable .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  constructs   load
truth:  left   null

test:  check that the line has not set correctly set .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   get
truth:  check   no

test:  returns real object and secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  -   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given value .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the persist module names for the given list of modules .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests we can load threads from a temporary file .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   replaces
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to ignore exceptions in static due to a function .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set the admin privileges for a given type and peak spec .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  set   permissions
truth:  validate   validate

test:  export variables from list-like storage key .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   export
truth:  outputs   a

test:  takes the job status and returns a dict with specific scenarios .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  takes   runs
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the t-ev matrix to x .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait until a signal is registered .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple wrapper for creating new command .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses a kegg header and returns a triple .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parses   string
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the image from a repository .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  return   image
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  attempt to execute a nested line edit the accompanying flag .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download link with timestamp .
truth: process one link . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-commit(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the current branch .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  check that the find_current_module alias in the given app alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  check   print
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder satisfied satisfied satisfied links using latest already using latest already used .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right multiarg input .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   axis
truth:  test   test

test:  returns list of bytes in a csr string .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  was   a
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the python object to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes the histogram of a given image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parses a string and returns the number of annotation formatting .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extracts   method
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the given url should be changed .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  list the current cache key to build a string for cache purposes .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  list   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a warning code is run and then we will fail to stderr .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test the same hint as base64 .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   message

test:  get the user body for http response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   response
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends an existing topic to your topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a higher order function which returns a user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  export general form of master to master config file .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  export   export
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries and merge pairs into a new dictionary .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only return if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that the data passed into the home flow .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  test   test

test:  do really returns a new removal of back reference to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   delete
truth:  do   null

test:  basic handler for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  null   user
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up proj to the proj plot for the specified plot .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  set   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the expired attempts to the current problem attempts .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   kludge
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the display cache directory to use for the systems cache files .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if a desired mri subject to a glob mri subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a hash returned by a fallback .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  if   call
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  add specific helper function to local machine .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  status import .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  null   state
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator to run a function to be run when the process is called .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  find a newline separated line .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  null   module
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string for use in readable order to the following bit order .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  iterator   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the csp should be enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp interface to the twisted interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  test stats for certain --public-key-outfile on training across one dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  train   fit
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into blog posts .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete not include discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  return the path to the command locale settings .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  casts type to string .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  execute a class instance of a class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses the new .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test for .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  reading   bem
truth:  reading   reading

test:  f decorator .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  translates a function to receive an exception .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  translates   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   extra_kwargs
truth:  socket   socket

test:  tries to find a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify a special entry for the specified resource to see if no results is missing .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records for a zone .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  constructs and returns the url suitable for sending raw .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a math to generate a math function of the type x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  swap   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for barcodes of valid dna characters in standard range is errors properly formatted characters as errors and the list of fields .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a sequence of all possible chunks .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  adds   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  this function allows you to confirmation sections of an account .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize time with ascii .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set callbacks and dimensions to render decoded video message .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  internal function to version of a package .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  config configuration this lists the hosts that should be accessible when the hosts file for the hosts .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a argument: pid in a vm .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   read
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to encode filename and return the base string url of filename to it .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  object   object

test:  determine if the registered code is registered .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  if   number
truth:  if   null

test:  inner handler for bilinear .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  offset   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if 'mdata-delete' is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple convenience function that returns the correct account date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  function   os
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load on openbsd systems .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  work   a
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a vectorspacesdataset wrapping two layers and ensures that the state gets 1 when both state and shut .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to find a list of urls minus limiting .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the supplied user is sentinel connection with the name of the sentinel server .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to the users setting .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set the default loop and store the layers to the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   svg
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a polynomial polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until preprocessing to become share share .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns the default style string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   ansi
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove unknown options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   options
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  retrieve a file directly by name .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  bytes   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text metadata metadata .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row and save of buttons for delete .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find metadata to be used for ret[bucket] lists .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   params
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a rule based on a git server .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  stop   edge
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  determine whether the input can be interpreted .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get yesterdays datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  like   datetime
truth:  if   return

test:  list output of gmail .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  form   script
truth:  null   utility

test:  remove files .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  files   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   matching
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse out the command line .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  returns   a2enmod
truth:  list   list

test:  we will return a task and waits for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  transform a string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save for entirely paths to database .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   copies
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  format an formatted template .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simple wrapper around subprocess .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  call   call

test:  a shorthand for _in_encoding but prefer all the ipset in sys .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   code
truth:  exception   exception

test:  determine the changes used to compute changes from a nested changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  changes   operation
truth:  format   format

test:  parse a pattern like <ctrl-x> .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   event
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the steps from a tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   null

test:  try to calculate the score score can be a dict with name .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  translated   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test if slugify can be instantiated .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  try to retrieve a function from the request .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  raise   resource
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  for image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   image

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set camelcase and hold hosts'] facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   commands
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  returns true if a pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   os

test:  search for all methods .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   query
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing values in fill_values column should only replace matching columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   module
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string representation of units .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   format
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a dictionary of all the job ids .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for masking sibling exceptions .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  parses otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  parse   copy
truth:  opens   null

test:  create a resource temporary key to a temporary file .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a module .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager that :class:kombu any target when the given target contains the given target .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a helper function to find an appropriate type that require authentication .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   module
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  cage the minion with private key key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  signs   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns an additional proxy object .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   functions
truth:  extracts   a

test:  given a fragment .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  regression test for bug schema; from #309: .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   routine
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed resource to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate translation cache for related unit .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  object   options
truth:  related   update

test:  make extension .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of all installed project names .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : badrule test .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return the relative count of testcase for a relative level .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   file
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an ordered ip-version .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  test wether for normality on duplicate test cases .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run commands in a given command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  get a list of zones owned by audit header .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free [k - a monic polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   polynomials
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version of the library server files specified by pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all of the child characters .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the name of the given object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a custom view to be used in the decorated function .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  adds   context
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns x zi for an array of arrays .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  run nesting module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prints nice and status code for given header header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the provider components of all requested changes .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   sets
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert strings to a string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   null

test:  executes the cli command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  run   in
truth:  specified   null

test:  returns a propertygroup chunks of a file .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  quote / characters as double quotes and surrounds with " .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the inverse of the normal probability bound .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads a safe repr of an object using safe positional and return types .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the importer for the command line application stderr .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node from the local portion of the given node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the proxied group by a release group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  get   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the contiguous tolerance of a broadcasting array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  warnings   split
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return feed .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the revisions revisions for preceding .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   information
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  map   return
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  return an iterator for all defined weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most similar to run assumed numbers .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  func2 and site: coefficients .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  takes   compute
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by an epoch or none .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  provide timeseries for an item in which the 3 note: the 3 parameters -3 : ndarray the 3 finite degrees of which it is the current rule .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  determines   timeseries
truth:  is   null

test:  attempts to parse strings to newline .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   length
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return the number of decimal formatting codes to a specific number .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all tags from an sms resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform of dictionary-like .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  convert a given array to the supplied products .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a helper function to determine if the python module is a string .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  validate the module .
truth: always load . 
test:  validate   module
truth:  load   load

test:  add unique values to be run if it does not already exist .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   add
truth:  create   a

test:  does the given templates have kmz .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  does   a
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  return a conversion from a requirements requirements file .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  url   install
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string to binary objects .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  project files for project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a byte string like a byte string .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   test

test:  assign an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  query cflags of sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get all serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the gui from the app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  clear   config
truth:  null   everything

test:  icon function to do a mock snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  given the argument return the appropriate graph return the appropriate failure inputs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  given   product
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean along the given axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieves a certificate from a list of properties .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect if the given function node is used in the list of decorators that are class parent handler .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a list of visible namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a log file object .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the current user .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   notification
truth:  mail   mail

test:  this function is called when the selectable matches the specified number of times .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for all the handlers .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  reverse regions from public vary .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a request token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  get   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  create an entry of correct size .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  create   cache
truth:  returns   a

test:  show a node .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   details

test:  the content in this file is a superfluous day .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn on/off the traceability .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  turn   process
truth:  function   function

test:  get an reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   back
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current parent object .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  returns true if the given instance is an instance of entity .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  reduce   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all of the files checksum the specified package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected when the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a new wsgi task with the specified name .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  initialize   reference
truth:  null   a

test:  write the string to the filename .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   replaces
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a list of paths to the given path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is used to compute the timeseries moments is farther out of each series which all standard deviations out of the series datapoint .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return name of i/o .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get polar angle from radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the ampbox for title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  opens a file with given filename and encoding .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  record   file
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  this object is a list of objects and return it .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  object   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   default
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view view that compare a wiki document search search search .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   view
truth:  extract   a

test:  return a backup object to be supported on the request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test unary_expression .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   dictionaries
truth:  test   test

test:  import submodules under pkg from the given name .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ignores custom rows from each of the list of rows .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  normalize   get
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from a file and return its lines .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   filename
truth:  reads   null

test:  first item from the iterable to first n elements .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  example function to generate a boto3 report report for writing .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  function   os
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function for functions that returns a module object .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace will git-rm(1)_ namespace document .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  look for an ipv4 address from the ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  download   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an image file to process a data file .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  return true if f is an euler of the original image .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  (/) an object .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp notify mtp to your build failures .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  inner product of received filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  open display of config file object .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  open   open
truth:  set   set

test:  encode render_variable from a multidimensional json .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convenience function to extract the constant from inputs with the given inputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  extract   find
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a string containing the pattern of each string in the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  noise noise threshold value for an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   get
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup qahera .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a linear ranking of the given setting .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip test for a package command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  removes the current notes notes notes end of a docker notes [ .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get user-agent users private key private key .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  prepare   dict
truth:  given   a

test:  a simple wrapper for json .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   power
truth:  view   view

test:  get all paths from paths .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return the kb slugquery last alerts of all kb sequences .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   use
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download the versions of a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return normalized counter mean of the standard output .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  normalized   x
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials vector to a file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  makes sure that units are ok a test file .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  makes   format
truth:  send   send

test:  test for ['g keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get the launchpad and write properties for the given alias .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  print   extension
truth:  extract   null

test:  assign average variables to tensorflow variables .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  assign   name
truth:  null   distance

test:  save parsed configuration .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  make sure that a table removes all tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the progress information for the given opts .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message into target .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folder traversal spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  prints the file system on partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> on partition <from-minor> to save the file system .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  copies   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  return information for policies .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an instance of the instance .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  create   view
truth:  fakes   null

test:  compute the standard deviation of n elements .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement type c section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find the sum of 80 for a given list of sumlength .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   truncate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   key_dependency
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv program .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  convert numbers from function into one line .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a full tree file that is added to the given tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   types
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return a ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return list of all items in a which are not in b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   post
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the users combo .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if zabbix module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an site link for will return line .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter the data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  null   split
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  yields all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  return   script
truth:  yield   null

test:  this function is to compute the autocovariance process parameters steps : ndarray covariance layer returns fs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is given while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts the python version as tuple of strings into a single version string .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  turns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the set_default_proxy sensors .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  determine rgb of slack .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  determine   convert
truth:  convert   colour

test:  embed a key specified in data into embedded .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host restore:backupfilename .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor modules to output js list .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an empty collection of access_objs source files .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  paths to build list to default values .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the repositories cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  determine if user is currently active request .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  if   api
truth:  function   function

test:  aux function for untranslated major algorithm .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  function   uninstall
truth:  generate   generate

test:  reads a time expressed in the given task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  reads   average
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract all translatable strings from the translatable as cleaned by the 'alt' .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a random port on localhost on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  set the user out to the application .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  set   log
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length from the filename starting at offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  list all available python files .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform the image_ref reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   base
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generates a base code string and returns a base representation .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten the given dictionary .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build a google request id .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  allows   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an instance of making a new service on the given host and connect .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  returns true if filename is an instance of the given list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the c command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  show   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if version is supported .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a string of the docstring .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  emulate   filter
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove the color color for english newline .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the args of an object is always canvas modules .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  given   append
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  write the args: filename : list of list-resources data file or method of that filename to graphviz returns: dict: the optimized file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  write   data
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace extra and trailing whitespace with whitespace .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  write a man of old 74 .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of command names for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the given text as a string .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of escape with auto-escaping .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   create
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle all list of list of input l .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the value for the setting .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a simple module as a dictionary .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  initialize or update the specified user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  use   a
truth:  take   action

test:  returns a space separated list of lines with data .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   a

test:  this view is for keys that are not specificed with a user .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  to   process
truth:  look   up

test:  determines whether a string represents a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a pointer to a file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current server reviewer for server .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parse the scheduling string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  null   class

test:  return a new column of k .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  initialize   key
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user is enabled .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the name of the current pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return list of wiki tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  builds   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  get gateway search for a given account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last whitespace of system or none .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   null

test:  alternative of words .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get translation for source .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  get   hook
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of a token .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get a datetime object to a year .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the value to the value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of jobs .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return an iterator over foreign keys on the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the email address for an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an version of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  test for a microsoft behind up to a clean circle .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  verify   find
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an axfr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  load text from the command line interface .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  text   load
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  a fake key function that passes through a later key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test for image with an docker caret/simple and true .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a workaround should not allow another patched .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for api methods that require a method as not wrapped functions .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  cleanup the current thread objects so that further further _ calls will always be changed .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   child
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to radius define extra data .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  function   instances
truth:  null   standard

test:  convert html content of a search string to an ec2 one .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  toggle   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if a refname[i appears to be actually the file system ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a standard segment string .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  function   function

test:  process path to the "" file .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  p   return
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  converts according to an old default values .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines which json to use the main json file .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes a boolean if content id does not exist .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api stub object call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  taking   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with simple java label cores .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  setup   undo
truth:  null   null

test:  return a platform dependent application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  writes the default stack to the file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  writes   file
truth:  dump   a

test:  given a package name of the package name .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a container from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  helper function for sorting a list of pem blocks to angle .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  function   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  response an error thrown response .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  resolve   checks
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and set it as a random string .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  helper method to add a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   user
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a zero indexed string in a1 notation to a a1 representation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   contacts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a matches .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  get all employee documents .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a helper function that helps the given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   linecache
truth:  clear   null

test:  download templates .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  takes a file-like object containing a list of dictionaries .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  takes   mako
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns a hash of the sha1 revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read json graph from jit internal graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   data

test:  wraps api method to catch any exceptions on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  fires the user .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  null   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  add users group to an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with bytes .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   date
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  the public and fix cycle .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  assign   domain
truth:  tell   null

test:  gets a reverse list of tests with .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   python

test:  parse now and stops into our api .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer thats thats a lexers .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images into a single color space .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  combine   fraction
truth:  blend   blend

test:  gets the names and returns a string with the given function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a query object and a list of fields .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the rollback flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a new assume message .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show the current database connection .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a certificate certificate for the selected identity api .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a decorator for all graphs union of the input graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  adds a {'general' .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the length of a python floating point id from the given python objects .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  check if an ipv4 service is found in the boolean .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  seconds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  default get_id .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup signup views .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  form   home
truth:  null   null

test:  frees a database from a mysql database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and end tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   crud
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all languages supported by current user .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for job methods .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the connection and return the specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict with key values of each key in order .
truth: from url . 
test:  get   keys
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get submodule section 9 .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parses criteria data format .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a new environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  go   add
truth:  add   path

test:  list all tags .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   get
truth:  list   tags

test:  check if a option is deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  find the singular loss between data files .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  check   correctness

test:  swap nt used in namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   open
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  return the floorif set s .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   null
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return a tzinfo .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if a syllable word is short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   word

test:  test source of inverse computation .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  set the namespace for a string .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  set   null
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the positions of *a* in the vectors .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a method in a dictionary .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as id .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  test path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constant decorator should have a constant .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  build flowgrams from a cluster types .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  get one of an http response .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  look   up

test:  adds an max padding .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  use the device and returns the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  use   worker
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a random log file using a random account .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all timestamp by type .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  initialize the connection to the specified sessions .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  initialize   fetch
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the default value is following fields: .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  default   encode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  a decorator that takes a database and returns the string with the given function name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fix   method

test:  returns the valid disk instance of a given disk format .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unwrap decorator with a function calls .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  returns the content name from either a message or a message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  convert   response

test:  test uninstalling ratio for the given office using a region .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  test   transform
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns dictionary of put fields from node using graphviz tree or depth-first layout .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   node

test:  a release python module is supposed to have a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   a

test:  require no of the default install .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  require   generator
truth:  test   test

test:  get the pci of the given path .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allow you dont allow overlap between last and tracks it .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  allow   property
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically get on network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  testing   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  put   network
truth:  null   network

test:  launches a model instance .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   build
truth:  install   a

test:  wrap the internal cache so we can hold the git context .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  wrap   paths
truth:  get   get

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a standard rights index for the specified collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper method to reload modules .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  calls func .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  func   call
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print an xml string to stdout .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create an attachment object .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   attachments

test:  test if the provided name should not be a valid dtype .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  array   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine norm between two points .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   bivariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  add bottom with two points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   add
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return an existing configuration .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  set   a

test:  get text colors in strings with default colors and caller .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   get
truth:  add   syntax

test:  boolean boolean mask .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   dynamic
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a directory for each entry in data .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert 303 string to int .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  string   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  run a synchronous command .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  run   null
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and convert a requested cpu cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone for a given timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for indexers only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  retrieve a user with an object .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   user

test:  iterate over each phred quality quality scores .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the fct matrix representing constant operations .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read lines from the buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  read   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if the disk is mon .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  save the given master to the given master domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   url
truth:  save   null

test:  find a pep 302 setting type n .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  query   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a processing of two generators into collections .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  certificate   media
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that handles datetime objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  context manager to set a collection of collections ids .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution function calls the diffopcodegenerator system .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  copy the given offsets into a new elementtree .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix fix documents .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fix   document
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if indentation is a line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark a traffic server configuration is not provided .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   generic

test:  find an iterable of characters .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  find   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  extract an initial complement of a number .
truth: object factory . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  object   factory

test:  get data from a dictionary mapping file names to their own values .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns an iterable of all games .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text from the translators .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unused -> iterator returns the argument with the given args .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  list the users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add an element to the face element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string if obj is of unicode .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  makes   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import all modules under package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   infer
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a runlevel is actually enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a certificate from a given certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  logging in two logging mode .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  splits the given string to a string that contains valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process a list of files for each results in an existing directory .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  make sure that its string is safe to replace naive views .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  creates a new app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  creates   representation
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  for mpl .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a given stream to reach a status stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the version version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape all registered markdown classes .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  roll   iterator
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if a image is distance to be a convolving roots .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  if   mask
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ipv4 address on localhost ip addresses .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy an iterable of objects .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace all packet .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a list of dicts into a dictionary .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  automate arma process handlers for hardware .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   profiles
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a directory for relative path .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a list of all models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  retrieve the full plugin plugins for a given plugin in the provided directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  emulate unicode articles .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch and return all files from a given service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  write   discovery

test:  find a refif object from a refif refif reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  find   matches
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  now documents specified by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  null   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches url by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for imports .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   array
truth:  check   check

test:  print the user to run in a new one .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  print   null
truth:  ask   user

test:  construct an object info matrix .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all disabled logging calls to see if loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a group of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a service with the name specified .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for exact fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  check a python list with a specific output .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  check   scan
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the specified template code .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove index from table and works properly defined for mysql .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  index   duplicate
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns true if s is a ask .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  test   converts
truth:  null   handler

test:  clear the django management state for the scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   database
truth:  null   null

test:  create an empty qwebhistory .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to generate an array of votes .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  work   window
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  register a new profiler .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper function to touch a single touch file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   check

test:  anonymously form .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  given a python python if exists .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  given   get
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for dom dom file handle .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  makes the current request rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  makes   rules
truth:  set   set

test:  converts unicode strings to python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  unicode   base64
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of table name cli example: .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  list   return
truth:  access   access

test:  send a random integer within a product .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  send   user
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint but returns lists of ints separated by a single times .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove all function names from ruby .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an array of available targets .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect translations from src to be used for debug .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   find
truth:  return   a

test:  delete the version number from project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the past .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that input is properly formatted syntax syntax .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the launch potential branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  register a query with a very prompt for a given location .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  query   null
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search job .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get an iam alarm identified by name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks to see if a db has been registered on the version .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  set   null
truth:  check   check

test:  establish and remove a redis connection to the specified host .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  query   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  compute size of a value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  align   a

test:  assign string to a regular expression but includes the schemes characters .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  string   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests if a proxy should be similar to py3 .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  lists all valid '{}->{}' .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to get/create a new permission for all permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  creates   number
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the callable is a ieee method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  list all policies available for the given flag .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set all asides with name .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  set   groups
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  offset offset parsing .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  offset   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope generates the trend report for the build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command through a shell files .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   show
truth:  return   a

test:  test the sum of the cumulatively function .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  test   columns
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the content token from a cuda content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the every stub stub for a synchronous api call .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  stats   stats

test:  encodes the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed sendundo .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the value of a positive compliant entry .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract data from a bunch of cell objects .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a complex point .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  internal routine to return a category in a tolerance .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess an declaration_specifiers shell parameters are common | nonassoc m or gives .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  renders   type
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to declare context as requiring assertions if func is not requiring generator .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the list of dashboard as a string .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  strip any extra whitespace characters from whitespace and to evenly .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a type to a numpy array .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the list of names for the given dtype .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate "keys" lines of text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  do not delete data from assigning .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  adds a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  run a process .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run ovirt on subprocess .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   html

test:  the module to call our module when the script starts just returns its __version__ .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   run
truth:  if   null

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create the argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get a list of permissions from root .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  export   export

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  compute the upper triangular count of feature .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  compute   purges
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  gets the string from a file-like object which reads a formatted string and returns the size as appropriate .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  gets   utility
truth:  read   read

test:  return a formatted schema from the given schema .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  function to move a single device from device using theano .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  function   create
truth:  error   error

test:  gets log-likelihood and tensorflow model for given features .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  batch   shows
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  launch a process in the runs till now .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of dimension strings from an array cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  is   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get list of names associated with a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  a simple behaviour of arrays .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of the line .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for opens a hitting is done for .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  test   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of servers for a given server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample sample file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  get the policy for the specified policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between the pdf of the given file object to a list of trees in args and parse the output argument .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   pass
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve the fake input from inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  use   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  convert strings to full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  string   string

test:  takes a string or .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  takes   content
truth:  null   inject

test:  decorates a new vm identified by performing an checkout post api processor doesnt have been least one post .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all infinite-capacity hosts .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  try to find the path cache directory .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  construct   remove
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a dict of failed resources .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a client for every service .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  produce string .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns an absolute path to the absolute own string .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  map   get
truth:  return   scheme

test:  image columns of the event excluded by sentence returns the respective value of the element thats defined by circle-like .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  changes   changes

test:  this topologically works as a python logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the version of a remote script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  function   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  receive the gradient value .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  guess   days
truth:  quantize   a

test:  formats a salt size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  formats   replaces
truth:  create   a

test:  get a "service" from the service keyring .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends a socket request to review server with http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  test the input given by the user from lang-specific .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' of model normalization .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add complex from polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   figure
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list a user for a security type .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list type_qualifier_list .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  mark a cache storage device as an existing directory .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  import   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a path for the named tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the full url as a global url .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tickets decorator for the explode with icon images .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restful crud form for current thread .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a datetime object for an difference .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  unpause the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  annotate   paste
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator which makes a stack of the decorated function .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to check box for versions executable .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   dummy
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a voice .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  get the stopped handler from a docker exit .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generate an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects for all the files in the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  restore a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a function and returns the plots .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  create a new apache key for the given list .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  create   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads a extension like .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  this constructs a valid reply from a file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  called   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode an image encoded image disk with a new base32 .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a series of series of a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   series
truth:  search   series

test:  generate coordinates for the coordinates of the given number of sequences .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  returns the current user that are currently being used to set the command .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu status section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme of a theme session .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a simple response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  call -> definitions .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  function   i
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator for tests that require a fullscreen handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all certificates for a given migration .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  determine if the given content type is a valid content type .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  if   file
truth:  determine   null

test:  matrices the relative with byte reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  copies   get
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a number to a 1085102592571150095 bit integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  count   count

test:  set the changes to the every delay delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns an xml tree .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  scan for django .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  sort   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  builds the parameters to the specified configuration .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  targets   targets

test:  retrieve a list of blocks and blocks it into a list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  stack   return
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  update the access group of a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  update   get
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return a python object from a stream of attributes .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   stream
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a number of entity kind and split it into a string .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a test configuration .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of query string for a particular dictionary .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compute source estimate of server-side jobs using a stc .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  creates a clean directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  creates   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  check to see if the ironic app is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that wraps a language method into a string .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the image names .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns list with regex .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  decorator to skip test if configuration is available .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  raises   a

test:  run links into dest .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  adds   name
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract ipv4 address from address space .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   ipv6
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove the num from the current content in case you can remove style content .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  remove   filter
truth:  compare   contents

test:  wrapper for third_party_auth .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of a bug in binary form .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert image image to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  relative strength index .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the start which z the path; .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function returns true if the current settings matches a given openssl .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  function   version
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the number of scalars for a single tps .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage api .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  compute a deprecation warning of a deprecation warning .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam and require a spam to spam a question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  using   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies we can be able to test for testing .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  this function is a named template object based on its type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  check if the currently a member is a member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  check   shim
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front intersection indexes from the loop and ylist the x intersection lists .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the entire sum of 20 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validate the local ip address for a given device .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  if   null

test:  requirements: an approximate matrix for processing by changing its size .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  rank   routine
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml input and return a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check two space2depth graph calls .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests assert plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   target
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the current authentication headers from an object .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of versions sorted in the most recent versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test whether the given server sockets are made on a socket .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns link to the cms page of the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  link   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the users uploads to the users .
truth: release the package . 
test:  upload   in
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   conversion
truth:  convert   a

test:  from specific variables .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  null   start
truth:  build   build

test:  run a command from stdout .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  return rgb color when the labels are sane .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  interleave   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a point from a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  create   model
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns none if the given object is a zipimporter object .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  python 2 and 3 compatible version .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the default time zone as a tzinfo .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  test whether the labels represents a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove no name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  remove   force
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  tests that non logic setting correctly .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy objects from a model instance to the original function .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   get
truth:  copy   a

test:  check if value is servers queries .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  on focus .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  provide   open
truth:  test   test

test:  same as .
truth: prints a . 
test:  query   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  get a process instance .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  request an image of image *type* via the image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a string and join indices for a left table .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  find all distributions for a given distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the file name for the specified .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  put the boot config for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if json was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if json was not deleted .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  request   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the path representation of a path .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect the hook data of unix files .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  context   notification
truth:  freeze   null

test:  read the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  read   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  check if filename is a string .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  do a few test to get on json .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  do   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load graph containing keys in file at path .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  convert systemd data from systemd to a systemd object .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  null   context
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the tpot cli example: .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sometimes you get an unicode path based on a user and so it just a user defined by a user and so url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  a packed directory for debug uploads to future .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  raises   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  a version of steps .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  find the xblock responsible for the start of a given date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  patches a function with the same interval as the calling decorator .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  writes a ['part'] to your lines from sender .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  null   part

test:  return a single global tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the keyczar crypter object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case of thrusting .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if the object is a string .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  wrapper around cachedir .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  null   build
truth:  query   query

test:  suggest minimal roads api is configured to the given road body .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  pull   list
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response into a -180 .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  install all top tree vars .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  find   find

test:  notify for all files in the markdown file .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  usage   notification
truth:  print   print

test:  clear update objects or update .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   update
truth:  document   document

test:  load the sample images from the cla directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   world
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary tensor of a single tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   http
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of enabled checks .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  warn   null

test:  returns the base url for a positional url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the upper common elements of a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   np

test:  encode the specified number and formatted formatting using extra zero .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  translate an error on a relative image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause media identifier .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  check the right accuracy of 2 and p see which it does not have a sentence .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  calculate   matrixsvg
truth:  =   =

test:  sturm a square-free polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  negate   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse xml data into a string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   xml
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add minion from the minion via required by the dict .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a given file from a remote host .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure out of the image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  return the key for a site configuration item .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  are   list
truth:  get   a

test:  response flask http response headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  multiplies   set
truth:  set   set

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to run jinja autoescape package with properties specified .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  runs   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps and loads the wsgi application with the generic site .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  func   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by id .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  get current hardware setting .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a version of the specified args .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test serializing through yield bar synonym .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   touch
truth:  test   decorator

test:  return a single ip address associated with its c++14 representation .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to get expired files from content .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve any value of an image .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a list of distances .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip a test if backend is true .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  -1 -1 .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  implement an element of length processors .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  changes a control file to starting up the required information about a renames kernel .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  check   check

test:  checks to see if current path exists .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache parameter cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base name of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  takes   extension
truth:  name   name

test:  n around various integer binary .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned from a specified job id and return the output of a specified job .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  form   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  either an object or an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   order
truth:  write   null

test:  make a string for uploaded block structures .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce fn on failure as actions .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  kill a source and returns its pexpect .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  kill   event
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class specified in a class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack data from the next 32-bit source file to load source code .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  read   read

test:  look up a possible expression .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  change   wrapper
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  raise aborts exception thrown by extending .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  raise   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the given message to the list of tuples .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes an index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  trivial   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  return a string representation of an image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  a decorator that passes cache dict by invoking a node name .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  null   deserialize
truth:  cache   cache

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  emulate   ceil
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different element .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  takes inception v3 scope and tries to determine the default arg scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup server auth with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  server   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  the value of the row of a square array .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  rescales   a
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  as a string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  using   assume
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' property for the given object .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  if given attribute is a list of modules which has m output .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  is   status
truth:  format   format

test:  get f argument .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch style file .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for an season folders to its original form for both the folders and force season and force
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the dict in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   command
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode the given default url .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  encode   quote
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module version and version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users buffers for all users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  given   guess
truth:  set   users

test:  equivalent of makedir .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it should extract the feature files from feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   files
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the passed url belongs to stackoverflow url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  hypercube the samples of a logical sample without modifying it .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  array   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns the model class with the given name .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  model   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  for desktop backend methods .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push the current server to ancillary in a specified loop .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  install   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap alterations paragraphs with specified name .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  wrap   filename
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list with severity .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  build a test suite that will have test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  build   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  startup stdout set its arguments plus to its reachable .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  guess   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the current user is google used by the treeio web server cli example: .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  add permissions to import_from_csv_file paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the contents of a structured image cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function to fixture static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  view helper function that will call the request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  view   headers
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert text into file using the encoding and encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  text   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  find unicode string .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  pass execution and causes a http url for http requests .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that the current value is a valid integer .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  check   a
truth:  throws   null

test:  make unique id from the deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the interface found on an interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the database has been modified .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   switch
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text and return its output .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  used to pass current user settings to test configuration .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  used   path
truth:  update   a

test:  error page .
truth: error view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the word was sent against the known components .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  create a decimal .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a id"{ service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a list of dependencies from the given future dependencies .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the compute filter image across gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests suggestion read and return value with the given unit .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  log the last key of a context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  configured   log
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for specified parameters .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   permissions
truth:  map   map

test:  test content listing the certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  sync   parameters
truth:  extract   info

test:  test an capella test that line2 the full *inside* but it works as a read/write depend on 2x2 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   in
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the list to a file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the review board registry for the given review .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  disk disk with a time usage .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse a slash from the most appropriate exercises url .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  sends   parses
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  returns stream name in line2 .
truth: print with color . 
test:  returns   arguments
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http error .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   add
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator to verify that calls the specified function .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  strip the given element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  strip   note
truth:  removes   null

test:  test for starclusterconfig .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the number is none .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   method
truth:  test   test

test:  publish a list of all resources passed in data .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set the requesting data for a particular one .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  this function is the integer as a positive integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  function   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return loss function that returns none or the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  returns   gradient
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  sets commands and name .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  sets   gl
truth:  link   a

test:  inner regression generator for given 2-dimensional using the local background transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a function that creates templates from an environment .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  return   return

test:  dont display data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  display   ret

test:  turns an xml response into a xml .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  turns   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the program .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  point   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  secure out the pattern in bytes since the pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  loop   fn
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random string name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the moment of polygon .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost address padded with given size .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  construct the path segments from a pull request .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  test for inverse of inverse setting when inverse setting is not found .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   calculate
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the python object given the url and it .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct an clauses label show .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  construct   label
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   replacement
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an shape of data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  allocate allocate a star in the given array with the given thread-local .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  provides   error
truth:  call   call

test:  return a toolshed for the specified tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns 6 6 page .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the latest version of a given buckets .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint checkpoint name for a experiment directory .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  converts a method into a boolean .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  breaks elements from a list of 1st .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  named   split
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return file with getext .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the number of inputs associated with a given keyword .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  add some commands to a valid channel channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  extract   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  issue wcs inverse of different values .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a list of user ids .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  parsed   parse
truth:  validate   a

test:  this is needed to key for __builtin__ .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the kth cumulative distribution .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  computes   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the regexp .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  download   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  make a calendar from a year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  create   session
truth:  produces   a

test:  create a new tuple that will use the given artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text into an opcode .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  text   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of nanoseconds format into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  quote a string .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  null   read
truth:  given   indent

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same nan no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest file .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  landing view for memcache entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip a test for different urls .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  this function is used to test html .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  function   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current video subtitles .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to type .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the default group of a specific uid cli example: .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event on an instance and a calling application .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  returns reload against all companies .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  returns   environment
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache decorator to create a new function .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  cache   cache

test:  updates the existence of the rest secondary connection .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the available platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the spearmans tlen bits .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   host
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a asksaveasfilename outputs .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   stack
truth:  ask   null

test:  test using old interpreter .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  search   view
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  print the unit tree to be evaluated in sys .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  print   pick
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default retryparams context .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return range forced .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  file   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user attributes and remove group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable magnitude with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  header   metadata
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  a system-v style service is not disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   median
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic elements .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of dicts currently used in a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  utc   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns the path for user storage directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an yes/no log number of 1s and a list of 1s values .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   flask
truth:  test   test

test:  remove modules from all modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  remove   module
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts from the database .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove directory tree using current machine .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a about about host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup queries with the given server .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  set   up

test:  return a dictionary of text objects where elements is true .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return a list of all matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  parse an object for a user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  parse   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   one
truth:  run   one

test:  see url .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise estimates .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  raise   compute
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calls async .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  update last notification .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  objects   changes
truth:  to   null

test:  draw edgecolors[color contained by x .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  shift   null
truth:  color   channels

test:  import all python modules into global namespace this hardware .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   adjust
truth:  import   import

test:  see if datastore is one of the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a router is a port['device filter .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  return a list of recently ids .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  return   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  generates emails to deep create an email chunks .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a pickleable endpoints to generate a batch .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  return   a

test:  save variable .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  save   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a gray-level class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for marking the function names .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the case of a set .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  null   limit
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a wrappers wrappers .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   planck
truth:  check   check

test:  send ? to see table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  take a function and applies a vswitch module to a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging of n elements .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  package   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  makes sure that the object is always iterable .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  checks if a line looks like a mapper .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  create   fetch
truth:  plot   plot

test:  try to convert a string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get stats for the controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  forces   move
truth:  request   worker

test:  used as __property__ .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  are   null
truth:  create   create

test:  write an image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a new client object from client with hdfs .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   configures
truth:  creates   null

test:  create an http static folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  deploy   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the type of the specified type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  for html characters .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a single .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type from a type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate ssh public key from a readme .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  detach   app
truth:  convert   a

test:  prepare the state of scaling for one input .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  prepare   dimension
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges in a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface objects .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   routes
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dont write new .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  fix   object
truth:  following   following

test:  merge streams from the current tuple of streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  content   merge
truth:  null   null

test:  add reserved context to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  show the list of active translation cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  sends   tasks
truth:  is   null

test:  returns user information .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  used   a
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  check the subject subject .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  check   version
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  migrates   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from pypi .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  singular/eigen the old version of the old version of application .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  estimate   return
truth:  null   null

test:  this function attempts to get special characters from the given dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  function   escape
truth:  null   versions

test:  returns a list of all requests for the image .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a new keys prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the current utc timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  it returns the ribes of shouldnt ribes .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   units
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the qapplication to the qapplication name .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the bash system command and return its output .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  run   a

test:  return mixing matrix for numeric .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  count   seconds
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the certificate to find the certificate output the certificate output the certificate to .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a rabbitmq node to its virgin state .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  start   start

test:  sends a differences differences to type .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  object   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find valid images by name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user for a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  wraps calls methods on an account query and applies a django .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate figure .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  middleware   return
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if atom is a string .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap the given string using inclusion in the series/index .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the executable cache of the given environment .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  prints weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  filters   details
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal ca equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  returns a path from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  given   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper function to get serialized password .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  gets l{pyamf requirement for a page parameters pairs : list of information for which gets passed to the range passed to determine if the range passed to use as a
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  query   filename
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a boolean to indicate that we are invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return the email information for a package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  if   check
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a appropriate library is set .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests whether suggestion is changed via suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  add   values
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images from the same horizontally .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  assign a model to a previous event .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  save   a

test:  gets information about fund in the requested dns domain .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does object from given request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  object   width
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validate valid installed modules .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  new document form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   location
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   client_id
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  list all of the states of the software packages .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  files   display
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common output of arrays .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   return
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  clean   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw extras['n files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  execute   fixes
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale the cubic matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  check to see if dladm is installed on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   null

test:  prints the utm_* of :class:downloads3key .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  usage   entities
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a shape for a x .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get the submodules for a named module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all hostnames addresses for a zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  list   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns true if f is a given instance .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run redis facts args: path: the name of the server cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   in
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a number of digits to text using avoid phone .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   permission
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convenience method to render a request .
truth: download a file . 
test:  handle   check
truth:  download   a

test:  test if a volume is valid .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  take   a

test:  collect the evaluators evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  evaluate   tree
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for marking a function useful for tests that require a wrapper around numpy .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  test if a tensor is a sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  boolean   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  simple test d chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  test   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: reshape to convert channels into space .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  unsqueezing   window
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that [#3520] of importer of unnamed mapping is imported and that data on data() .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  ignore warnings which have been added when scheduled_at is called .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes gcd gcd of a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add vertex order to the stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  element-wise tile .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  null   sqlobjects
truth:  creates   a

test:  run a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  run   options
truth:  get   get

test:  list language statistics of each django statistics of the current service .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  run   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the closest sequences in a python int .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  find   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to find all affiliationrtable filters in a person entity defines .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   baby

test:  returns block device bit-o-data from image meta data .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  format   multiple

test:  utility to display untracked source of git repository .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  reference: filename into json and return its parsed file .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  filename   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  extracts the first backing file of a list of backing 1 .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of the height of each node of the given degree .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  this function handles all pagination .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  checks   aggregate
truth:  show   show

test:  helper to wait for a process with a given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  to   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  reload the given module from app to allow it to be implemented in the given app .
truth: in apps . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   apps

test:  create a control reference from the vm database .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  a wen-lian for id that wont have all datasets 1 .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   runs
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a new .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  divide successive n-sized n from a list  n .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  list   list

test:  is the levi-civita sanity .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  is   factory
truth:  lay   null

test:  convenience function to import out of terms with a product of two terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate multiobjective function .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return url for given server_url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts unicode string in python 2 and 3 compatibility version if python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  add a language to the db .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a name of the python process .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function object from a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for running a uri with the workflow component using behavior .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  modify state when we have a column on its amqp .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  access   joyent
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return config key for a dictionary and key id .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  tests   information
truth:  make   null

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  nested   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert http [ to numpy value of given expression .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator that theres a keepass method to track track .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns a version of inspired mean .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  to   mean
truth:  given   current

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only run if it is installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  check   check

test:  performs a receipt for the receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates the value property as a varint integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  retrieves a hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  get data to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  print   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the beaglebone black gpio devices .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the wipe dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the list of tasks - restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  to   controller

test:  adds a error class to the top-lebel labels .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   python
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to determine which key from a program path .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  verify   try
truth:  return   return

test:  test if lhs is being rendered .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  compare   record
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a defined content to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   like
truth:  writes   null

test:  return server and status cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  update   int
truth:  show   show

test:  standard function to add a status message to stderr .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  function   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple users from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  displays arguments ssl version .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  send   send

test:  read a binary file from a string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an api jwt with the specified api .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the output of trees to a file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get truncated group marker for the specified group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  helper method to generate json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   null
truth:  string   string

test:  converts http request to its character .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  recursively process path of a file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a function calls to signals in the decorated function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  func   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  unicode unicode .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  unicode   validate
truth:  get   get

test:  same as str .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the given object has any imap4 .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  a slightly way that side are available on detached .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  consume   messages

test:  a more instructions below 2 tagging .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  null   check
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  run a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check if filename is an untrusted source file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to convert a configuration gl * .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   header
truth:  draw   null

test:  posted methods and methods on the api http response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns formatted trapezoid .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds a string for folder configuration .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates an object that can be passed to the execution module .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   argument
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the compensation principal path between path and a list of predictor coefficients .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  take two 2-dimensional arrays .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  if   in

test:  check if object is a scalar-like .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  if   numpy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi escape sequences from whitespace .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  use   ansi
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g consists of g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return lines of tab separated by whitespace .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  returns   dict
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  return the end of the string .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  show the comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  show   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check if a callable is compatible on ipv6 .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode successive chunks .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  encode   tags
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a dict of valid definitions for a host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  base   a
truth:  include   include

test:  does nothing have a valid _add_svn_segment .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  name   replacement
truth:  error   error

test:  return a list of the result to which the default choices closest choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   a
truth:  select   null

test:  return true if the object is a utf8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return the minion to retrieve the available users cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  return   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  get controller_key and sort whether flavor is currently supported .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  start a local server cli example: .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   command
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   faces
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass the named function with the one argument .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of 2 .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  sequence and derivatives .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the minion is running .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  search data for installation .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  search   no
truth:  stripping   null

test:  creates a blob for the given object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return jar key .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test if all of a patched one .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  output the output of all commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  output   scan
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image represented by the given id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  add two numbers to x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  add   check
truth:  adds   null

test:  repository temporary of input data from dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  obtain   network
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that all new threads are created correctly .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module and return the attribute/class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  create a user stub for your full stub path .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  update   null
truth:  to   null

test:  compute a list of aws columns from a dataset .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  format   items

test:  render two vertically .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   annotate
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test for behaviour of support .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   working
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a writer object .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  download   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the lesser degree of the lesser degree .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  simple wrapper for views that require user to be used if he is remove .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a mock random permutation method .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests a dict to extract content from a file .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  try   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a search string of a term .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  compile   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the object .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  dataframe   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and contact objects as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  count   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test types that are in es .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   insert
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns a dummy coach that will be used to test django 1 .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write a command to the anybut(s) master and return the boolean data .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  assigns for a entry from user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  assigns   function
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the proper file if it was kept .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a scalar-like half .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representing xml representation of an element .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   get
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  construct a suitable egg for a resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the parameters of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to create an instance of layers .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get last index .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the daemon trivial pathname dedent platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses the pdf .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return from faster-rcnn to the f1 file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  retrieve   pdf
truth:  download   download

test:  returns true if the object was found for an object or none .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  search for getting an projects updating git information .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  prints percentage of dumpe2fs with the egate deltablue .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  list   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some of the proposed functions .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   privileges
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  add   a

test:  retrieves all entities in the given model and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   entities
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  when only a list of strings .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function to calculate the given values .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  function   return
truth:  func   func

test:  see if here are allowed to artifacts are allowed .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   add
truth:  detects   null

test:  tests that the leaf iteration of the same complies as a function .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  return   unit
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to state .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   a
truth:  initalize   null

test:  performs weakly-defined to run when project has been given .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  moves   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the histogram of the cross-entropy bin space for which the covariance bin interpretations .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  compute   transforms
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit a transfer object .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   array
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determine if a specific name contains trailing reserved domain name .
truth: for example . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a version string for the python name .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute power power of x along the linear vector .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  cross   return
truth:  note   note

test:  converts camel-case style names to snake-case case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  install a new version of hashed requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  install   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update bytes newly mode .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  update   logs
truth:  list   list

test:  turns decimal positions in a binary string with its pooled .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  replaces   yaml
truth:  return   return

test:  return a python interface name for an interface name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication parameter group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points to compute the node n .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the given file into a string and save to it .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  copy data or the current type of data to allocate .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  coil   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  helper to get multiple fields from multiple fields to a multiple fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  function to run all test alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  add the tool tool .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   key
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates fastq to truncate chunks based on number of old number of old length and qual .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  usage: attributes of numba attribute lookup on old filters .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  sets   sets

test:  decorator that helpful dependencies dependencies are not implemented .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  add teardrop drill hole to negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  adds the product to original numbers .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  adds   callback
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make a suitable nodes in an api .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  listen to convert event bus to the given loop and the orm .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  process   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current repository time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides the configuration from a path on a local instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload and returns a python module to an operation in it .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of completed ids like collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to format a request that is a valid views .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  store   a
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  verify if a file is available .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  merges   seqs
truth:  write   a

test:  get all releases linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a details .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  arbitrary arbitrary rank .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  show   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  for serves files .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   get
truth:  yield   path

test:  an implementation of model .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   process

test:  entry link for the installation document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  form   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  returns whether the view view should be changed .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset the specified technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the path to the user for the dropout vm cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return true if number is actually a number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  return   number
truth:  function   function

test:  add a nullhandler to the root logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  add   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the string contained in bytes .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  replaces   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  emulate   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  send data for binary search query return a list of tuples .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  return   a

test:  given a response object .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  given   in
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signature against hashed api message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire restype restype of the file .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a task object from command .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  merge   verifies
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  server   null
truth:  to   null

test:  check if a and not a bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp on invalid dhcp_option_id lookup .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  default special functions for a single global functions .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  features   configure
truth:  package   package

test:  create a new fields of a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  test   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders the given template with a unicode string .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   generator
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset that do not exist and will be automatically code_object a test .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by the recurrence .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list the virtual package entry in the system cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   testing
truth:  list   list

test:  return a mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the commit search results .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove an element from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find and configure a reactor object from its pretty() 1 .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  find   target
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates multiple actions raised by each key logs .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   client
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc b .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print a indentation version of object to pretty-print indentation line .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   format
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about a defined volume period .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  exists   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stderr the temporal code of a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for all none values .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the cached info cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  open   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  determines whether target should be created .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  requires   null
truth:  process   process

test:  fetches env .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a hash on cache .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the metric metric of all nodes in g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  determine a message from the bootstrap command line .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a producer connection groups .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  access   a
truth:  create   create

test:  wrapper around windows .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  null   version
truth:  locate   a

test:  get square spline generates an untrusted tensor of n elements of n .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create an aws tags to a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  try to select a message with the private key appropriate number of profile .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  find   ipsecsiteconnection
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a body of state with the given http response .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action for a segmentations action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop to the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   limit
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified files and changes to lazily icons .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture that returns a valid topicsread topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a test file .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  wait for the specified host to be used .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts an exception to detail .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci device by id .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replacement for a python function .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the ldap messages to use for request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  return   function
truth:  sets   sets

test:  like dotted-path .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  a basic sudsobject version of the input .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require the templates/project0/ test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   null

test:  get an existing trace that the given action .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' replaces -ic .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends the file; .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  return 1 matching user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that linear unit test for ftest is saved at least a single entropy .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  hashes string into a string representation of specified text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  string   a
truth:  create   create

test:  internal helper to parse an integer into a string .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the mappings format to blobstore units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   copy
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  return the excluded of a file .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  check for replication methods .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  func   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  look up a expected server that enables http queries .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  look   add
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a random subset of n things .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  use   use

test:  run current status of {old: run and set a status job .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  run   get
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile implementation source file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the ps for storing doctypes .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   get
truth:  import   a

test:  dummy function for activation .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the index of k which can be followed by the main index .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  null   get
truth:  find   find

test:  when place is called .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  accepts   move
truth:  add   column

test:  replaces camelcase and collapse objects .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a number .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all files in a directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  reads the data from a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect if the object is an nodes which should be used .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  calculate the place of nan based on nan .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   pattern

test:  is a decorator that takes a decorator and returns true or false .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  interstitial job from certain job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  gets the pair for the offsets in the string .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  display   a

test:  call this function in all to refresh the salt master cli example: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program directory named path retrieved from code snippet .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  fuzzy version of pseq .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  translate   translate

test:  substitute theoretic bytes from control-n string .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available languages arguments" cli example: .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  decorator for http server type and clients .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  converts value to number whenever possible .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait until a comparison has ready or for timeout to finish .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  transforms a ccx to a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  trailing   delete
truth:  context   context

test:  load an exception .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   try

test:  checks that the label column contains a valid keyword types .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return indefinite article article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the function to run function to end up errors .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  function   invoke
truth:  creates   a

test:  kill greenlet with a server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of func for all methods .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  query   run
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a string representing the default text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  noop   noop

test:  does the default group components and can be used for a specific process .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  list the enabled status of service .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   get
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   null

test:  trim the template at the specified template file to create a full template .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  uses   rar

test:  checks to see if first .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merges two sorted words of n .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a theme list from plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has no leading components in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   alternate
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code from local requirements file .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provide a test function which is used to provide special templates .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if this country is possible to same country code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as a np .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  offset   offset

test:  remove leading and trailing whitespace from github prefix .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  leading   url
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of intersections in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the given ip and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with django .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a dictionary with keys .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  existing   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media descriptor discover object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get screen name of the current service .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a categorize to be called .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  verify   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application using correct dimensions .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  try to nuke a orbit from all logging nodes .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  to   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  add   line
truth:  get   get

test:  delete skip bound of data from traversal of any symmetric calls .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  transforms   neighbor
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that value is a valid dict .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given user .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  starts the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   start

test:  parse a remote refs file .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  function   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test on old logging .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   s
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes and returns the string to a file .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  writes   replaces
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast dimension to load with alloc .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function to find a set of user_partitions nodes connected to the database .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  queries and returns a dataset class out of the dataset .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  calls   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the pidlockfile test configuration for pidlockfile test cases .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  returns an iterable containing all nested values .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a function to a => graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  import all registered ipdb to be the named image .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  import   debugging
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a blob for the package .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return paging matching the ssh channel pattern .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a set of languages languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  update request stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  update   object
truth:  account   account

test:  issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  get globals function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: groups pass in the enforcer module to the given mapping file .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep and delay for the specified crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   assert
truth:  do   null

test:  load a collectors from a file and load it to callback .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  retrieve all subscription subscriptions from a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  get   get

test:  default behaviour of repository_dependencies .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  shutdown   workaround
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group user view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  form   user
truth:  add   add

test:  maximum of array elements over a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  if the network has been removed or *left* on the interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect the specified connections to include more than one key .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  writes   key
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments to the script .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  register   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get an in-memory color by name .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  return a double for a double init for a double init .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tasks table at minion_id .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  hide   parentfield
truth:  null   null

test:  update a group .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the compiler of the node used by this process instance .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  return a name for the scheduler osarch if it is .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  is   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  download the stderr and set to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  download   logs
truth:  enable   console

test:  retrieve a key for a particular url .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  returns   dict

test:  utility function for password .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  takes   figure
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return unicode string is unicode on unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   file
truth:  return   return

test:  gets relationship from given user_id .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   relationship

test:  check a random weight lower two changing .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   a

test:  internal routine to join left and join variables .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle on memory switch .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test for actual rsync measure .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  creating   test

test:  turns on the elements of the python 2 .
truth: check if options . 
test:  turns   one
truth:  if   check

test:  execute command through external versions of a shell .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   wrapper
truth:  execute   null

test:  entry point for the post_save configuration .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  starts   method
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip all html string from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute the paired distances between x and y read more in x .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the given python module .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   running
truth:  run   run

test:  scale an image to a 2d image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  load   null
truth:  project   image

test:  return a list of all available disks cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return internet internet setting from twisted if the current twisted is not available .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  access   web
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant configuration .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  parses a human-readable document for what we dont have the correct api quickly .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a user for this account .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if the version is available .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a time string to int .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  merge topo plots using a background background background .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display a thumbnail for the 008 if a thumbnail was previously done in the following campaigns: url .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  execute   url
truth:  return   return

test:  for an instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  get next sampled id for work .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a list of tags into a string .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  split   style
truth:  tag   tag

test:  diags polynomial of length x .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a parents config file .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  set   up

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle app for versions 2 .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  returns a unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns some grouping into the same grouping as its final grouping .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  normalize unicode strings .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if g is edges to nodes in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to serialize an attribute and return the class loaded by import_path .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  module   module

test:  return encodings item from something .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turn a list of sequences with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  simulate   num_perms
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote all of the following fields in the expression .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  gets an iterable of keys that can be sent over the device .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if python implementation isnt modified .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  evaluate   legendre
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for a table methods .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the pairs based on the review provider .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   update
truth:  takes   a

test:  date/time is connected to posix days into posix milliseconds .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   http

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  overflowerror to emit the referer http responses .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  creates   version
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs a power mail at the given request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return fixed ips by fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   stream
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the validation preference for an error preference .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use an etag_func() that returns an etag_func() .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   view
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  makes a request notification off an ssh request .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  makes   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  take   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  returns true if downloads matches query .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  null   url
truth:  compare   compare

test:  prints loss for a single step .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  tells   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  function to inject get-spider-stats to that speaker association shows .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  function   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  given a docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  given   indices
truth:  entries   entries

test:  retrieve a list of for each entry in default way .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns columns of an columns in file .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  oh of available module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   import
truth:  determine   null

test:  a post_save resize .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resize   a

test:  get the list of users in a list of available users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves model types with a model .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  convenience function to encode an encoder field and return it .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  to   encode
truth:  null   encoder

test:  generic wrapper for filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  file   s3
truth:  null   null

test:  validate a cookie value .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  log   log

test:  name: dumppacket args: x : ndarray .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  permutes   a
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  reconstruction reconstruction where image is one image and zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  null   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  match keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  reject   a
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression power expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt an http public cipher .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 barebyte .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  print   return
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  helper function for initialize the list of files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  load   completion
truth:  generate   a

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file extension match a file extension .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   strategy
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the file representation of the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  determines if an file to its canonical .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  return html generated by a revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female yellow -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a node is enabled .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  set   system

test:  uk names into visited .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  encode the sha1 job for the json .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a scipy sparse triples on a specific symmetric triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function that takes a list of data read from data .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the app registry registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  provide an []} .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give different deprecated objects .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  check   error
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a tuple with the given user-agent .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the full svd of the svd .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   sequences
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to create a simple variable initialized with a normal distribution .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a root root directory for zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the specified bytes in the instances file .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  removes invalid whitespace from whitespace and applies irc characters .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   strips
truth:  removes   null

test:  decorator to add a method with a list of decorators .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  if   configuration
truth:  if   null

test:  validate username/password with username/password .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  when a according to the program is first .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  resets   host
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to all updating events to be used in a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   event
truth:  send   send

test:  this html generator for content-type places on the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get the salt cloud salt config .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file is -- .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   count
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of n elements .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the active last interval .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the suggest user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  returns current rss rss rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  domain   sample
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests our suggestion targets are not deleted on the file .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  empty   name
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new compression type .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar from a polygon which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   pillar

test:  check if a network address is an address .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  osd a list of disk by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a argparse integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused base id and an original base class .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface description of interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  serialize the common blocks to a python instance .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the maskscore score for prediction score .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  escapes   space
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support support support support for support .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an in-memory configuration object based on the gce buffer .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  quote an arbitrary string to make it contains spaces converted to underscores .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return the current statistics about the following fields: - move the current statistics .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   delete
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  for image backends - is being used for the current figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  list task configuration for a process .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  flush   task
truth:  list   task

test:  returns plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  given   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  checks if a url should be used like content url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of paths to be used for logging with the given list .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that distances are properly handled in *icrs* .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot have the same arguments with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  generate a square root argument to avoid strange .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  for each iso disk using the current format specified in format of pandas translation files .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns resource with a .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to create a temporary temporary file instance and reported aws suffix .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  context   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  returns the python module if not there is no threading symbol in the provided module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a complete session to the http requests instance .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test fit ratio with none .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a description of a service .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  generate   code
truth:  function   function

test:  import and return the python backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  import   function
truth:  patches   patches

test:  data a column to the given data file .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  write   variables
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version number .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  deletes text into deleting bytes .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  checks if text is text .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a space separated list of numbers into a string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a function that returns the value of the object/categorical function .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the dict of the given function .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assocxyz .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  iterate   null

test:  executes command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  help   help

test:  when a wsgi application is run .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  event loop to run the windows os and return true .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  repack the binary classification dictionary to be used in the 2 .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  depending on user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove the unwrap additions of permissions from an existing account .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   endpoint
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the code factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return the possible positions used for setting of notan sanity .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just gives the url prefix for accounts an action - redirects to the profile update form .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  view   view

test:  convert data to a device string based on the model dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show a config object .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   current

test:  floor x .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  emulate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  find the name of a file for the specified path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   type
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the control configuration file associated with the specified config .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  needs   get
truth:  check   check

test:  return a new image links for cpu links .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   find
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  helper to determine the last type count from a file report .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  record   reports
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that passes the specified widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups stuck in the group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  null   contents
truth:  put   put

test:  run a javascript string index page .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the current scene platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test same_domain with during redirect .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  null   config
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if *obj* is a sequence of objects .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon elastic 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test either if an error is raised the validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return default value for a list of global variables .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  convert camel points to camel separated by css words .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  convert   normalize
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  scan   populate
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns the python files to load only the file descriptors .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the workflows for all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  null   users
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  creates a key for use in configuring .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  combine the given config[u'journals'][scope] and if not defined .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the raspberry sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return all documents that are not in different extension .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key key key key key key for the detemine .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test for issue haproxyctl .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  try to locate and will pick out the metric metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   cache
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the id of an entity .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  editable backend should not change started .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  computes discrete differential equations for an image .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input and all descendant nodes .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  this function to verify that the openid sends an openid search for the specified trust page .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  render   a

test:  attempt to retrieve the current directory .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a string for a str_choices .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  list packages to parse a package lock the packages to the package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  list   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  start requests for the arguments .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  array   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return the version of the data .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for each complex is not needed .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  synchronous sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the message messages from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  form   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dicts and returns a single dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage manage list for the provided server list from smtp server list .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a class for must cause an empty class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  updates the keywords task to run and updates the data .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  store   store

test:  return an email queue .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   page
truth:  return   return

test:  return the web server is the correct web service .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  func   test
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the columns of columns that corresponds to column clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  time   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  used by the url to provide a url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  used   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute otu table to do not have next 1 .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic with an empty button .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  used by the alloc of the alloc .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  join   join

test:  get the wheel cli example: .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  null   chocolatey
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a header pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf headers .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the value portion of registeringscheme%swith%s' .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update projects are no projects .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return list of all the vms that are s3optionsfilter to the specified provider .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   roles
truth:  return   return

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imax </script> integer note is not greater than or equal to 1 spec .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  value   replace
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  like flask .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert supplied fact .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all coverage files found in a directory .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create a useragent} useragent} .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  is a path a directory? includes image files .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only ignore auth .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  ignore   null

test:  ravel the new viewer viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  show   show

test:  derivatives of numpy .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  a helper for the polynomial kernel .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters data date returns date of three gzip points .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  obtain   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  simple class decorator for calculating the class .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   value
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary key of the primary key methods .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  shared a list of the named vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between the dot .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare results of second kind of x .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  make current fresh .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  make   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the historical for a list of lock .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the domain is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  is   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that original modified key values are modified by another function and stored in dictionary .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes a matrix that computes a plotting warning for each element .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  map   y

test:  checks if a lock is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  trailing   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the target is one of the etags target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  test   test

test:  base64 encodes a single encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is a crappy function with the osf name .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  constructs and returns the timestamp timestamp around the given timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  decorator that allow a function to be automatically moved to make a session .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time scaling of the sine representation of a sound stocenv: sine envelope timescaling: factors .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  scaling   a
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  return a temporary html string of html <= html <= html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   get
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  removes all updates from available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  url   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of running runnings filter names .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return the file system .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  send an event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  send   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  outputs the contents of the block if debugging setting .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert one statement into the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   dfs
truth:  insert   insert

test:  force problem contains a new shell state for all students on a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  resets   update
truth:  null   a

test:  try to reverse the django reverse function for djangos templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object representation of a text .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital sensor droplet sensors .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition token to a dask parameters index : array-like original dataframe returns appends dataframe data .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  create   dask
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an object from file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a template template for an image .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   template
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to see if a string is valid .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  copies sms from the current client by using the default client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  force   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  callback for adding or buster graph to the graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for sparse matrix to avoid low-level words .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for api calls that are guaranteed to be a function .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  parses a list of tuples .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  process a rule from a list of strings .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  find a line with ec2 tokens .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  find   split
truth:  list   list

test:  determine whether current packed packed packed packed is in a variety of packed characters .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  the mandatory attribute name for a key/value pairs .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the name of a service .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  bool the file at the specified path .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder object .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate html example gallery gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   permissions
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a one of the provided virtual machine .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a build header for a given url .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a reference to a media player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper function that returns the valid intent or button .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to load using a list of files .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  add an object numbers that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  add   use
truth:  convert   level

test:  compute the memmap for an instance of a v1 run .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  calculate momcond of binned distfn against cdf parameters distfn : ndarray instance of distribution data using cdf parameters distfn : ndarray the *url* instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  compute   gaussian
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays sorted with admin whitespaces .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  string   polar
truth:  view   view

test:  flatten x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  using   create
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the file system .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   part
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   opening
truth:  listen   null

test:  given a list of points .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  given   plot
truth:  plots   corners

test:  formats an image size like a human readable format .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the file to the other requests some appropriate authorization headers .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   string
truth:  append   append

test:  pop stock fifo between all qty .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve a tuples with data and display it .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  retrieve   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a successful response to the correct name .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pads the linear ranking function ref_doctype .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  accepts   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder add a finder to the builds .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all state of the stack .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users usernames dict with given email address .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   username
truth:  converts   converts

test:  inserts this image from the provided data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  sends   data
truth:  is   result

test:  reads the server string from the file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all tokens in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  pair   pair

test:  test left/right degree function .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary mopidy of no binary score can be initialized on layer .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  convert unicode .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   str
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a function to store a dict with keys having to search values .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  like   convert
truth:  remove   remove

test:  clear the module for the implementing namespace that you can encodings as a module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  import   import

test:  takes in a sequence of padding bytes .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   x
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the first options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  show   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove *nix colour sequences from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   validates
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find the data for the src cache key .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  finds and return a list of sql statements that were last update statements in sql i .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  find   junit
truth:  decorates   column

test:  execute something like proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  execute   entry
truth:  return   return

test:  renders formset errors and makes it to the given formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a named service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  volume_types volume_types users .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  -   a
truth:  stats   stats

test:  check the current test configuration in the remote api .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  check   boolean
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  redirects cookie(s) as provided by the query string .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  synchronize   cookie
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for methods which is present in the specified function .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse specific resource bucket .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  pickle a file based on the debug object and retrieve the contents of cmd .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   releases
truth:  display   a

test:  return the numbers of the version numbers .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the generator of a js class .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write a cache object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  delete a property record .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  mark   convert
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a bound function is used to serialize a class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  form   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a previous source is an accept font source .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  match   match

test:  infer a class from a class to be assigned .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   deserialize
truth:  null   decorator

test:  used to save weights to decoder from heliocentric weights .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  function   get
truth:  show   show

test:  associate current user api call to backend api using api api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the currently active ft_library object so that further _ calls will resolve against the current thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  convert a hash representing a data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a list of image interfaces in /etc/modprobe .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator for setting the specified length and sparse input tiles .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   call
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m m1 product .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the linear constraints constraints between 0 and throttling .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  list the stroke packages cli example: .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore a bunch of id .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  download base64 encoded markup unsigned its markup order .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  creates a pylint string from a list of arg .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  creates   training
truth:  null   null

test:  clear the google layer .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  clear   data
truth:  sets   sets

test:  fetches user list of profile to this user with a new user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert a time in which the item of a cone .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  convert   softplus
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp 250/bottom for 250/bottom .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  is   fixture
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a fixed-size field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  like   like

test:  aggregate a revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  export   memory
truth:  null   languages

test:  return an array .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  maps   one
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  check to see if a task is actually a hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  to   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import context if no prefixes from the current environment .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper script for main script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience function for checking all keyword arguments .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of the env-file method .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get the list of all the default locale data .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  get   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates and returns a raw primers .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  find   glob
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  pass   mark
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  given a list of files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  given   sample
truth:  write   a

test:  drop directories of given mean .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect prefix to the given command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   current
truth:  command   command

test:  test gpujoin .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the call keywords .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  get   list
truth:  to   null

test:  get a list of top topics from the given id .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm needs a user .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a hash battery repository and return its reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  search   find
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get a neighbour adapter adapters .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  displays the groups of a list of images .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   a
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test a never pull an no rules .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function to determine whether obj should be unknown .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  value   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the entire versions of current active versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   versions
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current benchmarks to boundary as ; cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  homebrew_packages   current
truth:  get   current

test:  like string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  setting setting the common records .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  use   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check classification loss can be used as a np .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build the platform feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a pathname of the bundled component .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given the name string .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  given   get
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is registered with es .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  mimics   django

test:  simple python names that use ssl paths .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the policy is admin on the target in target .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if layer returns the 100 graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of instances for the given server version .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   contacts
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   multivariate
truth:  to   null

test:  gets a single gating content usage keys from the given gated_content_key and returns the xblock data .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query query query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a "plane formatted bar url given the path to the mercurial repository url of the command line .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  make   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  returns a map of matplotlib rc counts from path .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  start the client server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   program
truth:  null   entry

test:  plot difftool in a uploading to merge commits .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  takes the app engine and drops this installation from the 3-tuple outputs .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of assignments on the system .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  return   split
truth:  walk   null

test:  convenience wrapper for handling tasks .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  add   add

test:  return the number of cpus on the process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  test intervals .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  index   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that the named coordinate is absent on the system cli example: .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  python-software-properties css descent for scipy 2 .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  simulate   dataframe
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the new tps points to right conditions .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  compute   processing
truth:  calculates   null

test:  check if a given unit should be changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the current session cookie .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  eventlet   flask
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  computes an md5 hash of the specified id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  computes   entry
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a list that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  like optimal .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  makes   elements
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an escaped string which contains the escaped and just isnt a valid url .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  convert bytes to a given image sequence of image file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  sends a client request .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  create   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a attribute to a function .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine the default cache location this function returns the python_egg_cache environment variable .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a string representation of the number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  return the python vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the policy for the specified group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   patch
truth:  return   return

test:  parses the s3 uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the type of a string relation .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  path to falls scm .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  discover   null
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the expression value documents in the expression .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install supervisord and installs them to the project .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  install   null
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  test that a container is fully /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from text to markdown by text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended euclidean function .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   x
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  verifies a user has been executed .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  input   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  lists   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  remove all duplicates of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  return date from string .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a successful integer code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  extracts   status
truth:  return   status

test:  check if the object is enabled or not .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function returns the overridden user to send an oauth page .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  send   data
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a version of a template file .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  normalize case types .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   *

test:  returns file filename .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file to another .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a form form with the new server .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  creates   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  remove old search values from old values .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  unpickle class decorator .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to format the db .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   no
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   a

test:  do not allow an instance of instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  function   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a source tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  oriented   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a string as a datetime .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  has   a
truth:  format   format

test:  we will remove the specified transport *data* in a task .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  remove   stop
truth:  take   a

test:  delete a port from the ports tree .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that basic exceptions are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  takes element from an xml tree and remove any other elements which can include the elements of the field names to the tree .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  function   nodes
truth:  surround   null

test:  test for theres a method with an interfaces .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality of two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  listen to another line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  is   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the account expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  retrieve html form of user pdf to determine what a course is enabled .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the user data request enrollments .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a package name as the default ioloop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  crossproductisbetweentwovectors' relation for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing a package with editable .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  return a regular expression name .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  pick   channels

test:  gets reindent ids of python diff lines .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a text for a text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  helper function to get default company object .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  function   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a function or method as a unauthenticated function .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  unquote the http token from an http request should give it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  access   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to require the given module or an argument module .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  to   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return if the named service is enabled for 0s .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   python
truth:  to   check

test:  get the request object from auth .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect an action using a tip + id= pass it to the correct button .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  return a lines with the lines of the file data .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  check   a

test:  this is a rectangle .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  do   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a symlink and flatten a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to replace the output of streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   version
truth:  replaces   a

test:  returns node-cfg specific mirror mirror url .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a relationship .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  null   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   translation
truth:  notify   notify

test:  provide the path for the variable version information .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  teardown   git
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the listen component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of the age of the given key .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary that can be used as keys of the given data .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  does   null
truth:  set   set

test:  list out the files created in a dictionary .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  files   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  set float adjust option as string .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility method to avoid use the same way as an asynchronous method .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of domain ids used for a domain .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads entire output from target .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  reads   verifies
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the given html with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  convert   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return html certificates used by the api and portage whether to return whether the course is not enabled .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run closure-compiler on all requests .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  deletes api method response for a given api in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  manage   api
truth:  get   api

test:  test if an existing client exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the list of codename from the passed user .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the fixed ori ori .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse a python object .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   custom
truth:  ensure   null

test:  require node pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  require   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a specific task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register f(clip command .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete existing 'wal-prefetch' delete .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  render   a

test:  check whether mayavi is a valid version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find the filename with a given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a time in iso 8601 format to iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   day

test:  test reading of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   picks
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse metadata or .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of standard sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new datacenter in a given datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  report fast to intag[ can be used by a list of regexp dicts .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  null   case
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this creates a report that tells the table with repeat .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return the class version of old class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the raw app app .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  return   display
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts to the self id or not .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident form page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  format the current metric object .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  seconds   projects
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new sort bits .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads an encryption hash of the given object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   workflow
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  make sure the params: "good function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  an process name .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection by reflection along reflection vector on reflection plane .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a class instance from a protocol instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a python version .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return an iterator over all values of a string .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  view   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all collections from a dictionary .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  construct   count
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  convenience routine to merge two broadcastable objects .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  compile   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return image of given image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  if   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a valid python subject .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   map
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the complete backend for a given topic .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  get   a
truth:  url   url

test:  start the service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a new actionerror object for a new ask id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup a saved/edited .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if a user is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   api
truth:  used   function

test:  return the page link for single page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   one

test:  get a list of features for the current operating system .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that a sequence of all letters in this form: order .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic light platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   return
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a grammar from all nodes inside the given node .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  creates   binary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an entity state and the corresponding track state .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  given   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  determine the stim channel file .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  gets   run
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  simple equality version of multiple sequences .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   return
truth:  draw   a

test:  convert a key value to a valid versions key .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  waits for a line .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  null   in
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return true if cmd is in a shell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  input   url
truth:  extract   null

test:  display original table of selection options and values .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  query   input
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case of failed .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of file names from the file located .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of answers answers rack with given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  regression generate a duplicate cases for the module with different centroid tests .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test op .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   md5sum
truth:  io   io

test:  generate exercise command .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  read motif(s) from a file in response .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a theme with the given path .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   move

test:  is .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  is   spam
truth:  null   docs

test:  returns true if a and b are a b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively remove keys from object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop a query string into a tree .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  function   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   try
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function for pairwise_kernels two context .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the user can perform permission_codename contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  return a skeiniso string of a configuration .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  dataframe   compute
truth:  if   null

test:  create a folder in which tasks .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project form and form view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  password   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  build an roles from a blob on the given blob .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get the media type for the media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   media

test:  returns a number of length length and resolves to a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  returns   model
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the path of the directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  test   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns hex digest of the versioned version .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  yield form form of the filesystem .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  form   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of changes between changes and have duplicate changes for each model between html .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  context manager for text while disabling code while disabling .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement measurement for a set of calibration points .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   training
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x up to nearest multiple of the same length .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses lines from config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cuda cuda message from rsa then non-blank .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  msg   msg

test:  helper function to get html attributes from a bootstrap css file .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  function   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run a command on an passed command .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   urls

test:  this is a function that checks if the npm environment variables named .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  write the .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a flattened array that are always returns a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns a paginator instance for a particular object .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  function   post
truth:  takes   null

test:  this decorator is used to run c{f} .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  construct   status
truth:  to   connect

test:  test pip with kwarg kwarg in pfm .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install a library .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  install   null
truth:  call   call

test:  parse an xml string to a date .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  check   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   function
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two contractive files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute directory to build files .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get the library showing system configuration from utc system output .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get ec2 id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load and return a base64 instance from a bytestring form .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the repository file name for the directory .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  get   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  locks data header and extract the correct responses .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  push   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test some advanced image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  test for xml characters .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   a

test:  adds new attributes to the course we have .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  get a connection to the master and waits until it has been resolved .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  close   virtual
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the build process that started the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a little helper function for the host .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  download students certificate from the given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  download   list
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy an iam snapshot marked with a new snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  make   a

test:  generate a test tests from the project .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clear the application .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   list
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper function to allow easy to resolve the data into the used for creating an instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  function   project
truth:  obtain   a

test:  indicate a users schema in authorization and "legacy" .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  save to saved songs using various net .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  to   polynomial
truth:  rename   a

test:  writes rules and worksheet rules .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  write   null

test:  decorate a function in a transaction .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  converts a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  coerce   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define warnings .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a sensible parameter corresponding to the system .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  do not throw an array of target others .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   a

test:  it can extract a vcs checkout .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  allocate a new random credentials from a new host .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript test suite .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  results   null
truth:  run   run

test:  unicode -> disk .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  null   in
truth:  encode   encode

test:  true if the path looks like a path .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a scalar to a given image with specified shape .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  implement implement types for the given function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  compute area of the linear interpolation .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  compute   area

test:  sets strong equivalents .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  sets   text
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print text message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  text   null
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a set of dsk[v[ .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   something
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an clusters v1 .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the current event history from the cursor to the next cursor .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a series of changes in a and b .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  domain the domain for api .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  set logging handler for the given stream .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  convert the given html escape .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  return a string - used for setting the identifier to unavailable .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the total lock for this review request .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named attributes .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse the first namespace string in namespace into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses a single single table definition from the output of a single table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  label compatibility .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   a

test:  decorator for initial model .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  provides the user configuration steps are on freebsd .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  provides   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set setting of color context .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  context manager for default shipping templates .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  context   a
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are equal as determined by the == operator .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   null

test:  the time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  creates a function that converts function string into an httprequest .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  test the default token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  access   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a utf8 object to an json-compatible .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  debugging   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that keeps a time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a encoded digest string .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  close and return application .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  returns a version of version strings .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  helper function for things that are safe to show .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  null   data
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple strings and an array of option values .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   options
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  retrieve information from snapper config file .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  domain if the first bit of the given host and returns true if the host is not match against the given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the modules on a state .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   set
truth:  set   status

test:  convert number of elements of the given unit number of unit elements to the highest unit unit .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  download a file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  download   null
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a name of the target to add to the name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  scale a property network to the axis .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the text by procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  generate a list of longs data to printable format .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  unpack   a

test:  for each of the image .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  get style style for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  get   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  fail undefined .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  to   filter

test:  return the info of an interface .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  check   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in x .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  reduce   replaces
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return the portion of a file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the id of ros names from the given namespace name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  determine   storage
truth:  name   resolver

test:  converts a number to a string .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the project filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a tuple of the html locales .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of rows of the settings as a namespaces .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile tool .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace all registered standard error string that correspond to the database .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   css
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose elements .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  return   a

test:  linkifies the prefix for use in a given prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  get a versioned absolute url .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   alias
truth:  get   get

test:  make a set of sequences from a specified palette .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  run a list of devices and update on the parallel .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return a dict containing all registered noneresult names .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is getting a dictionary mapping yielding to the top order for each node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant a given users guest folders to the searching for a given guest guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  access   access

test:  create a collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  if   check

test:  combine the network path should be a list of outstanding .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default signin view .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a function for the second function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   relu

test:  returns all shop product of the given product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  object   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  set rgb values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  set   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  convert a path into its realpath: aliaser .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  join the string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  text   text

test:  xtheme menu utility function to xtheme languages .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  access   set
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template flags by the string .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   filesystem
truth:  create   a

test:  statestate = object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  match   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns the url to the absolute url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an image object to an image and returns a grayscale .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  saves   image

test:  run nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found during a kb id .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release with a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict of json .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finished finished that are supplied in the current directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  markdown   return
truth:  require   a

test:  used to gets the *epsilon* constants from a human-readable index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  used   a
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup a default setuptools application .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a list of properties of object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new api token in a given id .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  gets the revision string in the current request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator notify url .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   reader
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the metric matrix from matrix .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  list all registered event on the current application .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between src_image and target_image .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  factory for reapplies .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   get
truth:  write   a

test:  get the netscape module for a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  module   null
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are made iso 8601 whose datetime objects are raised .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  save a file into a name .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the sections for a stereo section stored in a series of py .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   correlation
truth:  return   zeros

test:  select a document record for each document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  select   a
truth:  share   share

test:  escape invalid characters from text .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  process   process

test:  validates and endcodes a base base base class .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  validates   version
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an transport to a given transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  join   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  replace -> str replace a backslash with a backslash backslash wrapper around the program .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  was   replaces
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  validate an image property .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the induction m term for each complex .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  computes   representation
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield n elements of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether fallback is on the gcc .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   a

test:  setup the rds .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  helper function to get a search table .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this is the function used to generate a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   md5sum
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named failedtodeletefunction queue is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  mask addresses using an attribute .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  minify   function
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert any numpy type to a tuple of strings .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  resolve the current process for the current process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unbuckling an estimate basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  review   strategy
truth:  null   space

test:  filter a query by name .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  prepare   wrapper
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new threadpool method on all of its threadpool parameters interface : model object the order of adding a method to __init__ .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translate a cookie name like a schema .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a loop by path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  will guess the incoming guess after update_package_db identified by digest .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  to   url
truth:  to   tests

test:  initialize an enqueued message corresponding to the given identity message .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  create   null
truth:  store   a

test:  helper function to convert a 2d array to a 2d array parameters n : array-like array .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  project   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a single item as a dictionary .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  never return a html identified by instructor .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  null   method

test:  creates a new version of a signal .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  creates   interface
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it just a user and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  string   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add an identity matrix to the number of points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  signals   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a valid route code .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the object names from a decorator .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper function to convert whitespace into a tuple .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  formats the version string removing completion data .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  format   format

test:  checks b256 to use for percentages .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true entries and partition entries into false entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   a

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a regularization cost by applying a network to the parameters of a network penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   dependency
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  in case of new .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the signal of the given thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  function   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  return a dict representation of the service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate inverse of the inverse given to the bytes in t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data loaded into trainer .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the current date in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts unique constraints for groups .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample a mixture from a 2d array of integers taken from an array of integer values .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  verify converted string is converted to underscores .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert the long shape from diff .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   intervals
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension of a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  is this a city dictionary .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  is   get
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the retrieve entry that are the plugins system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   equity
truth:  add   add

test:  halt a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   detach
truth:  halt   null

test:  return pd() matrix for each sample matrix .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  load a list of domains from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function for normalizes a string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the sizereturn size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple wildcard value for processing .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  adds a request to the login server .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  email   email

test:  prints a status .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   test
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result headers .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  returns true if string is a valid python file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  dbdriver database objects .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  computes the singular from the entire solution .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   functions
truth:  computes   null

test:  decodes a real real float .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  reverses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a string for an existing video .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  helper decorator to get rid of the object to check if we can be created via the last element .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  null   pivot
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains the expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute the log probabilities .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of audio kind of sepcified devices .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalizes the input data so that the exponent of the input variable is 1 .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalizes   value
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position for arrays with same mode .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  config   overlap_slices
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  load filename loads .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  dump   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in a offline option .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert characters that have a valid meaning in text to escape() .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   symbols
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a comment from the specified comment .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command and return its status .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  puts a bytearray into integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   converts
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the zookeeper app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   update
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given api identified by adding a given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create a website .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compute a fftsurr order loss on the iterable .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check and return if a given density is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   check

test:  print msg .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  validates the validation methods .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  signs   a
truth:  value   value

test:  splits disk data from exif space and assign datetime object to exif from .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  utility function to push a python object to the device .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  returns a new javascript file object for the given url .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   up
truth:  to   access

test:  creating a new namespace for a namespace specification .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  provide   =
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a symbolic function into two elements .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  split   a
truth:  to   try

test:  check an quantity for skycoord correctly with actual params .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  take a sorted list of strings and sorted one item in each service uri .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  create and return a name containing key-value pairs .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a valid validator for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a list for the 'result .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  if using a user is not being used then we want to selected password .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  convenience function to determine whether the current audio loop is being used to open the firewall loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a whitelist for a given whitelist .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if every item with user repr or if required; .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   function
truth:  allows   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  return   return

test:  function to unsubscribe the notification setting for the account .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the indices of the maximum array to show the exponent value .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  indices   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all aggregates .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all query groups .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the low-level status of the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test either the list when computing squares or a list of squares values .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   number
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a response with the specified message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  validation utility function for getting w: while calling incrontab .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that returns a fake enumval generator for test case .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  usage: bcache sysfs dev with the bcache device .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  process breakage statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  process   a
truth:  string   string

test:  given an objects task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   fix
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with x .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  register an event on given event handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  init   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns the number of fields of all databases in a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new location that should be unique on the given dict .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update callbacks for all callbacks to data .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  go   notification
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a module name for module name from actstream_settings[manager] .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  initializes the module of the module is a particular filters .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute adjacency crossentropy of distances .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serve an action in post response .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  resolves   time
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace and ]]] the template and }}} .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  transform   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* scale of individuals .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  find binary images in binary coordinates for supplied image .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   function
truth:  given   null

test:  get_warnings_state() -> a querydict form of the attributes are supplied .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the part of a while executing messages .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  simple smoketest that has load and return a model from model_file_name .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build html tags from an html and then remove any changes in the repository .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   add
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for joyent configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the list of successful post headers for the given post .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  creates an unique name for this process .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test using a vcs command-line arguments .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full path to the python build file .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  packs jacobian .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a python module given an extension .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  null   json
truth:  import   a

test:  returns a dict .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  module   module

test:  parse a map of ini profile .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  turns in the string into enforcer .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  turns   log
truth:  test   html

test:  type']}return filter info for all openerp .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  control   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  kills the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given string as an encrypted bytestring key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for api function to inherit python wrapper for the given socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  joins part of a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  creates a py_buffer-providing .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  produces a degree of f in list .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   gcd
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of the mapping for mapping models to mapping a given mapper mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test some nvidia with cuda .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of users ids and store them in a given dictionary .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  context   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  validate xml file of a #! schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  xml   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  create a list of volumes from a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function for getting two dicts representing items in a single .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert convert text or return a datetime .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return true .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   get

test:  move history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  like repr() .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  context   helper
truth:  base64   base64

test:  return server with options .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  server   null
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator raising exceptions if theres not in this means .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add importer at alarm .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  try   replaces
truth:  given   a

test:  return a right dependencies containing two directories .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all images on the cloud provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  helper function to replace cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait for a bunch of tuples to be present via http request .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  given a dense dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clean out branch by depend on the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  split a list of dictionaries into a dict .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open and return contents of the content with the given contents .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an image of : existing image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the text of the object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   contents
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars generate a random string .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test unless its code holds provided .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  change the cursor specified in balancer .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for displaying an empty representation of the given expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  return version of the credential for git tests .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets just the code from its png or malformed if it can be converted to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  gets   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like zone/record .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  try   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get specific sm volume entry .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the part of a iterates in print .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  email   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test to notification force a test .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  function   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  set of symbols and set of functions given functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  given   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  turns a rsync can check if the desired number of data .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  look   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  decorator to acquire given section setting .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching used in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  return all dereferenced receivers from global tables this gets all dereferenced receivers to the given signal and set it in the given signal .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uses a string to override the audio file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  sort   video
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this is a simple ordering of the proxy functions for all the following level the message and are defined in the this .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the float with each component the float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   model
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the list of all the active server on the host .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  roll   environment
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  avoid   use
truth:  use   use

test:  invoke a dll .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  run   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  return a discrete give targets .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return a list of the line number by line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm and checks to be checked .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  assume that shape is mounted .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a "server" .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a g[i] .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned by the specified job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a bucket_name version of the polynomial of a set of integer values .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  test rasterization with data_relation using simple image that is a project .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   image

test:  list the installed packages .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a list of packages and installs it to get a list of packages .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a python header string into parts .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  if any of the specified validators pass this list of all the specified validators .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to einfo the url and obtained its output .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  function   print
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  gets the python exploration summary domain objects from a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a template string for rendering a text .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or sets the policy for the specified policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a simple csv function that takes a string of lines .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reset performance statistics to the traffic server .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  display   display

test:  return the list of nzb .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  given   image
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the matrix integral of f and weights .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  compute   tan
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get geometry output by side .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write the given network data to file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the module similar to given service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  initialize   try
truth:  get   a

test:  get the current dsc setting of a consumes api .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific bufr image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently compute the 1-norm of ^p decomposition .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  returns a list of all the chunks with the given file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escapes the given text with adding markdown characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  download the random 1d using data['target'] .
truth: load the data . 
test:  perform   load
truth:  load   load

test:  adds function to dictionary .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the autoserv with the given user/group filter .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  studio the studio links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  combine all messages from the current language file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a new affiliates-role to the first role name .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  prepare tfr source localization .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  prepare   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  get the line number of a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess files for a certain files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   check
truth:  guess   guess

test:  handle updating the url .
truth: given a request . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  given a json object .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  given   elements
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its filepath .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a dictionary of supported supported with name the target language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  known   find

test:  find a named modules in the given python .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  find   command
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of images suitable for use wit the tinymce external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate alternative command line options and return a list of available ones .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  function that gets registered .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a show records from each table in a database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract additional markers from the given directory .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to skills contents of a session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  installs a key that returns a storage .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  function   beautifulsoup
truth:  load   rsa

test:  returns whether the given language characters of a datetime for the shorter language .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  render   a
truth:  format   date

test:  wrapper around open .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list pillar classes that have been from redis .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset token with user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  view   view

test:  reports translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  call   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  generate a ['#']for list of 3 hashed bits .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  color   names

test:  this function takes a clip with a given text .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   one

test:  remove csf attributes from a csf .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates the signal from options .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   graph
truth:  null   null

test:  inverse of the xlimits of the current sort flags .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   plot
truth:  applies   null

test:  send a service to installed service via daemontools .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  send   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with keys from the cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   null
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the items of a sequence of matrices .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  r^2   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  to   list
truth:  print   up

test:  prints the list of points in a string .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  null   names
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  return data with a list of data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  rebuild   version
truth:  samples   samples

test:  source: a file or all of a object that matches the data for a given glob .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   path
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for course staff .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  statement : python command to statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that given functions are lost using methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of this xblock associated with the given xblock .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  one 1-d zeros of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  bound   polynomial
truth:  raise   f

test:  uploads signal for setting profile when an account is created .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get the current python version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  support   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  callback for an application that creates a callback .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the driver object for the provided provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the user has access to the course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   measure
truth:  return   return

test:  return key of an elb .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  return   key
truth:  get   status

test:  create a list of metadata at a given location .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  loop   gce
truth:  function   function

test:  merge two rows that compute the sequences .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   val
truth:  merge   merge

test:  run command in to update the user .
truth: login to router . 
test:  command   null
truth:  to   login

test:  checks if input represents a return .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  if   a
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  this function returns the color layer .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  if   file
truth:  initializes   null

test:  test whether locator is correct .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  test   names
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an event transaction on localhost .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate usage files used to parse them into a plain version .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  fires   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a string that should be used to reverse the process .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  wrap a function so that it is called in the unittest test cases .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return integer as an int or 0 if it is given .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  return   exit
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process a single graph according to the current graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   show
truth:  display   a

test:  return the string of the article with the specified language code for the specified language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   am
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether data is center and positive-definite .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  used to recursively list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  pass parameter to regextokenizer and cant be present .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  translate the given text to a file .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  calculate the 3d model function that contains two pipe-like words .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  calculate   gradient
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  log a dictionary of human-readable info .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  roll   i
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given input from a list and an appropriate type .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of disk devices .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   no
truth:  return   return

test:  return a byte string representing the python unicode .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  file   file

test:  verifies that the object is valid .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set a lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap configuration with the views .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  do typical logarithmic method .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  verify   hex
truth:  compute   h

test:  python source file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test ip address of the client for use in tests .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  normalize position of arbitrary precision and be invoked .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verifies that the template can be instantiated .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  template   a
truth:  changes   django

test:  expand expansion of exprexpr .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  fake   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of a swarm .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   equity
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this line can be used in one line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new yaml hostname .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the complex by float path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fill the value into a dict .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line from where the line is expanded .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  is this a simplified apropriate or a tuple that takes an exception .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to return a session session via a machine session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a colon from exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  wraps   fake
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  recursively apply the partial tree structure to the given tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   requires
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that certain table is raised by default .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  code   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  return the lhs to n byte array of a byte .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read the total number of cpus and return the corresponding tuple .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  count   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test for equality .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   work
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks that the given instance is an instance of a function .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  checks   decode
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the 1 bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run this function in a result as the result .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  call   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return an unambiguous representation of the feature with base bindings obtained by replacing any variable typename built by replacing each variable bound by the monitoring with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all of the given context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  execute   interface
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return true if this string was mapped by a spec .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  creates alignment and match mismatches .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns either the common wildcard atom from the path for the wildcard file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return current axes configured on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  return   one
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a list of actions from the given url .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a title that always be called .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  print   function
truth:  null   dummy

test:  a more testcase for sequences in a class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract the minimum strings from a file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove exactly the master configuration of a string .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this is a hexadecimal :class:stream checks .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a warning_class to a group .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  null   null

test:  default events page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  control   literal_type
truth:  null   events

test:  pass in a device .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict with information about installed server .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  given   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a quota for the given cpu node .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build a string from length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  build   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default helper function to allow easy to plot depart .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  configure   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate a dictionary containing tests and return a list of tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns a list of those elements for an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  guess the full image with an enough image composed of the given image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named source .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a value to the given dictionary .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an existing external dataverse account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   api
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return the average opening for u'{}'] .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  create a new password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like getter .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   value
truth:  get   a

test:  register a class from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a conversion or detected added to the end .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  check that a string is a valid dns name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the parameters from all 1 graph .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  creates   parameters
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a named package as a list of available package as a dictionary .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents attribute modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  format a list color and add new values to the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if an replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text representation of the lists .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate the contents of a file to a list of strings using filename .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get joined loop from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the arguments like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the list .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if the __init__ url is running with the given name .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the sid of a two values .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the coefficient from the passed array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  computes standard normal distribution function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the partial metric between two matrices in the parallel .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove links from single link if they can be used .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an defaults and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve the absolute stub from the salt key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   find
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build up the name of the ansi image .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  if   a
truth:  call   call

test:  a view that ensures that the user can grant access authentication and http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  open   a
truth:  null   http

test:  translate a semicolon-separated .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  render   render

test:  return the branching public type .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  show   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  block   null
truth:  get   get

test:  turns a string that contains a particular path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get the value of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for handling get a binary image with a binary image .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  delete a list of inventory that have been previously setup .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  custom view to override the config file .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  view   stub
truth:  return   return

test:  load a relative macro records from a given data .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  create a host .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  null   y
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  form a form form with the following name .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  string   replacement
truth:  null   a

test:  register calling routes to calling wont .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that :class:kombu .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for this process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   information
truth:  processes   processes

test:  can handle the users status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  find all plugins associated with event plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inf of the routine .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   uninstall
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default attribute .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  skip test decorator for skipping a test suite .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns a string of the default language messages .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for computing the desired evaluate[ .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   null
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extract output from pacman output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  download   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the distance from a digital normal distribution .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a device in the form given its children .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that we can want to download prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  extracts the overlap links to [ a new collection of opf .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  extracts   find
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json json format representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify an parameter parameter parameter parameter parameter .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test either if an error is raised when the censure input is given .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   error
truth:  null   difference

test:  parses the first leaf component of node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  forces   converts
truth:  set   set

test:  get the vbd record by name .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  unplug   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  import module by module given optional name .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  module   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that showing the build directory is raised .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  run   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   get
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  computes the spearmans weights for an array of circular components .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  calculates   univariate
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new adderror is a parent of the image .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get an instance of a cookie identity so that its orm attribute will be updated .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   find
truth:  look   up

test:  clear all minions from all returners outside the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  store user permission name in a given profile .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  add an content to the rst if needed .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   try
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  generate the tree should be retried .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  generate   path
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if the given clause is present in the list of strings .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  create the user directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   change
truth:  ensure   null

test:  look up common settings in a route config file .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  log   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the error key to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open an editor -> qaction with the user object .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  principal - dont use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run imagemagick tests .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  reads all number of parameter parameters definition : a tuple of how to a list .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create new page specified in order .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if varnish is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock to have globally .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  to   http
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - needed for dynamic inline status .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive free .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given field should be exported .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user to name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  execute a queue and return its conflict output .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create permission object and its children .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  use jedi should use params .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  use   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  update the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  make a angles latitude .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read value from a python entry .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing headers are a parsing content type string .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  loading   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr ip address for given server_url .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the page of http http response code .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  turns   version
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of vms vms .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for an angular window give a n324 window .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  using   issue
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a le32 .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   tuple
truth:  convert   f

test:  make sure the test file is set .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  test   package
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create {'ipsecpolicy' setting for an existing ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  creates   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style data .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   blobs
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove old metadata from store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  remove   compute
truth:  renames   null

test:  number of successive gpu gpu gpu gpu gpu .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   read
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  user add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all the docstring .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  mark   parameters
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add an coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function for writes and numeric values to a name .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  function   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  random length generator .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup a resource view via templates .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  modifies   config
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a review request based on the url .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the text from the paragraph text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to make the pidlockfile scenarios with the end of the scenario .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the return the return the return a list of nodes .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a role with administrator server .
truth: create a role . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks if a user has created and updates it to the json with the new user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show user metadata .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  import a library .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  import   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return network information .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  format   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  determine a rc4 attribute name from the attributes dict .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  determine   wrapper
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a 6-tuple: into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a new fashion method .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a relative distance distance distance to a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  generate   whitespace
truth:  measures   null

test:  coil the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a child child node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  list lat request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  builds   code
truth:  code   code

test:  create a translate via the specified users .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  formats   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  require the user to require a uri view .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  marks   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  unique function for probability density x .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track original and expected pair to correct .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  preferred   add
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a remote index file .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  control   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return a hex x .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  list all users in the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  create a function to make an attribute on all the given node and newline attribute .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  adds   tags
truth:  typing   null

test:  fake function .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject review widget .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   params

test:  return a detailed chunk of all extensions .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run flocker-volume with the given arguments and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the currently supported initialized on a sql server cli example: .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function that for arguments relative to the new argument .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  extract parameters from the given list of dependencies that match the definition .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  invoke a collection attribute for .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  return   a

test:  add an object to a firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  copies everything from an parameters to the parameters .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  copies   fixes
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a binary call for given pattern or function .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively tuple of tensors to maintain the values .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  install   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  construct an object holding a time .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  if   null

test:  open a tar tree of information .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  open   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  reorders pending tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  mask   dfs
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the edge overlap between two edges and overlap .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach a dictionary of django objects to every object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update members with given members .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  finds a named migration migration by its name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all slug\n' groups .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   get
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sort the given function .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  =   sort
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a package with ssh ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  run the process .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  sends   runs
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to change the worker name .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list if the given type is none .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  url   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check a value for a where() and returns a dictionary .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  run a boolean of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  run   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a default maximum config .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   value
truth:  help   help

test:  returns a list with most common typos dicts .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   items

test:  simple helper that salt with instances and salt app .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the label keywords to discover the specified target .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  null   null

test:  memoized functions should return value for allows memoized functions .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  caching   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to expose our object .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  serialize javascript file with a list of urls .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  serialize   html
truth:  return   html

test:  sort all of the list of messages that match a given key .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   filename
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find the absolute path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   check
truth:  search   search

test:  f-statistic a new item populated .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays an account and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes png image metadata on the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  is this the server can run a python after the virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initializes the cross file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  log   cachedir
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  save worksheet counts in "faster" .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  save   score
truth:  run   run

test:  a multipart dict merging the result of a ebs device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   register
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to run the stdout from the container .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a raw list of raw l .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the region name for the given region name .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this module does nothing by another datasource .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  combine   thrift_file
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  release a gluon traceback method which returns true if it is length .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert utc tzinfo to utc form .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  convert subfolders .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin shows the build step plugin <jdepend+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach detach pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  grab   request
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   group

test:  gets attribute link from public class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  swap   attributes
truth:  wraps   a

test:  attempt to run a command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  return team team name .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  duplicate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a human-readable string representing the specified number of bytes .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets an calculated metrics by name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   value
truth:  change   change

test:  figure if the locale matches the given locale .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  if   endpoint
truth:  does   null

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  put   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generates a generated user for the specified name .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  return   a

test:  listen for a given filters button to be used from a list of events .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  endian-swap the slice of all searches and sorts them in pattern .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   numbers
truth:  search   search

test:  support support for support library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  highlight the traffic period between the current and promo .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a message to the target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper for easily .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  pass to run the homebrew executable cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  installed   array
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve the path to the git files for each python git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  retrieve   command
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable or disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  formats the difference between columns for a given model and replace sequences .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  formats   replaces
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  remove   names

test:  run the network .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  run   sound
truth:  model   model

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  parse   json

test:  creates a requests .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  call   call

test:  parses a phone index for a possible index .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   ports
truth:  to   callback

test:  check if name matches any possible version of pootleenv 2 .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator for theres the cifar-10 prompt .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates broken addons categories .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  update   update

test:  return all closed issues from all issues in the given issue list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  return   list
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test for url .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   error
truth:  null   ticket

test:  use this action function .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  use   items
truth:  null   a

test:  prepares the snapshot of the vm to connect to the specified zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  prepares   up
truth:  install   a

test:  checks to see if api and returns whether api is out .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a theano function as one of the values in a byte array .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an entrance exam to a new exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  owned   check
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  creates example model given a textual model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  overlay   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  this function is a valid string representation of colors .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  null   format
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for timedelta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   permissions
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  decorator for demo test the hash function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  strip   plot
truth:  null   basis

test:  pow + id= .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  return   a

test:  require a collection additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this function loads the authenticated page .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   return
truth:  require   null

test:  find encrypt with unix mne-python .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reorder information about the sample metric in list of x .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write the given flags to a body of flags and respond with content .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  write   content
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  compute events at nodes .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  verify that the given value is applied for the specified unix values .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the sum from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration of opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   data
truth:  -   -

test:  test either a replay replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of rows from a string .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a random variable which is an empty header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  tests   case
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  convert a string of ipython ips in ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get a config object .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  guess a response .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  called   null

test:  a demonstration of [0 .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  null   issue
truth:  check   length

test:  perform perform perform id processing action action action action action action action action action .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  encode an encoder for a fixed-size field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  view to hide certificate certificate certificate .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  to   get
truth:  request   request

test:  set up the alarm switch .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the dependency version of the given package name .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  add   add

test:  double : expr | expr | expr minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr power expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a single value .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an markup for the highest form or always be deleted or deleted .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  return   check
truth:  missing   null

test:  decode arg is unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the weights of the given matrix .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  computes   gradient
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   check

test:  idempotentally and apply an image to make the asian? .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  null   use
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   migrations
truth:  check   policy

test:  tests the get-spider-stats column on the receipt .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  tests   upgrades
truth:  make   null

test:  publish a demo collections .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  this looks like a cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a reciprocal .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a list of 'alias/' document from an iam key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  an instance of _ cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  null   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository dialog for the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  wrap a function to provide gating gating api methods .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run the shell class for this module .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  run   find
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find and return a string of the provided name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   find

test:  create a fake .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  output   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  null   module
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int to binary representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  this function is called to generate a wrapper for git .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return true if jsonret is json we would otherwise be used in json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  this function converts a list of schemas to an schemas string .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a list of files from .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   status
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists all the creds for a vlan .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   state

test:  creates a new relation relation in the datastore relation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   bind
truth:  merges   mros

test:  text from the specified prefix with each line .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   links
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a test that uses servicepair for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dict of attributes to none .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over the shape of the current sites method .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  yields   null

test:  parses for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the gentoo_mirrors variable profile .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of display time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  display   display

test:  helper function to build an api for a parsed api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  function   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the rewrite of a given expression of a given expression .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or vd field from a device .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function converts a soft/symlink clsid .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the default filename to determine if a path is absolute .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  set   set
truth:  copy   a

test:  see pull request .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  query   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a keys whose keys are ordered by the final keys in the dict .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  function   duplicate
truth:  push   element

test:  write a file .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  write   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find an memory rechunk that would have some initial chunks to check their database .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   up
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find all python sdk files in the given filename .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to get in a depth-first form mapping file .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  decorator for creating a new service name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns the edges of a graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper for request - i think url if a webob exception .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return a list of all python modules below a given package path .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  normalize the dates of data for datetime .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a dict of courses access to the list of courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  like   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds a reduced quotient of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a dictionary containing the data from the given query and return it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  parsed   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install the git gui event .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  uninstall   run
truth:  install   install

test:  check if the current page is an attribute of the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv path .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   picture
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  initialize the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  initialize   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  pick eeg channels to bad projection .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  create   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  test parsing this should accept representing representing representing representing representing representing representing representing representing representing js .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates a 'units' record from an index file .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the sort strings of a 1d object .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  construct   summary
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check for valid compiled expression .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  check   compile
truth:  null   ^

test:  return the given colormap with image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   return

test:  add the next state to the analysis queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  add   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fail the expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  fail   close
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a flat .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a yaml stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   print
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check the python module is a tuple containing the full path and has python binary .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a vcenter object for the provided id .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for rruleset commit .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   form
truth:  if   null

test:  return datetime object from the given dict .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  construct a response value for the user defined in the http response .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  return   display
truth:  validate   a

test:  exists index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install environment variables for the current request .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default get back between the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  the argument substitution is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   checking
truth:  error   error

test:  create taxa of the :math:ax summaries we can use the provided taxa .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  read a binary file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  read   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  get request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  creates a test suite from a testsuite testsuite .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a compressor from the compressor ui .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  returns   a

test:  test deploy .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  test   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   description
truth:  null   description

test:  takes a content string and returns a python object .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add the named file path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that flat id has any generators .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   score
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a url .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  registers   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all join class from css class classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  prints unicode representation of the given expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  unicode   iban
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  test that when we have sparse results for a state and vector with &key .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add attributes to the host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   add
truth:  host   host

test:  for convenience compatibility of config plugin .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  null   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the whitespace file returns .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  time   split
truth:  make   null

test:  resource decorator to wrap a resource event event .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict to a various int .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a file based on the data .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper method to remove a temp script in the path_info .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  save   a
truth:  source   a

test:  function to construct a prefix of a single url or rules .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  url   url

test:  get a cla line parameters data : str data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  left   null

test:  fetches mute preferences of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new instance of the api being used to the saving subsystem .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an ascii types .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a encoder/decoder from a particular header with the title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes html links from jinja .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  has   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  the default workers values for keypairs .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  default   run
truth:  add   race

test:  the pytest down a previewed page .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  null   djangos
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct an index of the biom-format .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  emulate the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  emulate   version
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  pickle function .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  reads   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute dipole match the last feature variable .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  reshapes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu node classes .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a simple view to render license license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  create and minimum libraries for all blah .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random string .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file extension match a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  declare a function status .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given runner and return its output .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   get
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape invalid characters from a string .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  require a mysql user on the mysql server with provided name and password .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replication builder and determine the replication role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns the string representation of the given element .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  shortcut   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for information .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  calculates   function
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() if stderr is not a last .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   configuration
truth:  calls   calls

test:  maps dtype types to stata types .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  dtype   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures the pixel output output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   get
truth:  configures   configures

test:  build data to fires section 2 .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  build   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  score for access .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  plot   normalize
truth:  regularized   null

test:  does the given list have a column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  converts a word2vec version string to a list of strings .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns a list of cover art associated with the given image .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  download   download
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the difference of s3 'invalidalternative' .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  calculates   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write the shutdown of github can writes to the i{dispatch} url .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  issues   github
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for a server path url to the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the class object for obj and class .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  print expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validates the specified config .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test a valid entity from old single-precision note: this test of documentation .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return the current setting for the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  return   info
truth:  exists   exists

test:  simple example of thread .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   values
truth:  return   return

test:  return factory .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  objects   items
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for encryption .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches exactly the specified path and exactly the memory output .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  internal routine to get a list of blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  resets estimator generator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  suspend   key
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve credit user info from the current request .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  formats restrictions: using the auth process given its children -- a yaml file .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  print   conversion
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new dataset class with a dataset_id from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  clip no_content cache for mean a*s (=) and discovering values .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  performs   mean
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function converts data to unpickle dicts .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for unary/binary one of a function .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache-ing version of scipy .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  annotates a string that contains double quotes .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  text   transform
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user is visible as visible to view the current user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  simple logging wrapper for webserver .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  logging   log
truth:  null   task

test:  return a list of longs starting with a string .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a posix time string representing the specified time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered list from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run arguments ending with stdout .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   conda

test:  password password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current timezone cli example: .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute coefficient function of var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   piecewise
truth:  produce   linear

test:  create a temporary file of a text and send it to the specified pid file .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for simple token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  renders   get
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  get the logical group of a cluster .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  generate   python
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a file to binary array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   fs
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the process is emitted .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   contextmanager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function returns the current time based on the supplied cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  run a function in a thread .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  mark   function
truth:  is   null

test:  show inplace and flush the current dataframe .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of resource names of the specified group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  unary a new byte image .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  adapted   image
truth:  reads   null

test:  list databases with a tablespace of a postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file if exists .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  gets the mapping of how to csv files .
truth: main function . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string of whether a and b matches any given string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  retrieves a char from a string offset .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  retrieves   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  scale a grid in a grid .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  attach   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  create data from a dictionary .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the precedence representation of an object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from file-like object .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the timezone aware utc datetime .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a task of reordering object .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup logging handler for the library .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  attach   logger
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  stop the final task .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and portion to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default file name from the signer .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages calls from call_queue and places the results .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes the gcd and direction from a hard ugly file .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: set wrapper for non-maven command .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify transport to verify a file indexed .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the combinations of d1 with "<" transform from d1 .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  taken   example

test:  test if filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on remote server with provided host .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   sync
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return a random time descending and optionally updates it .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  retrieves   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  the inverse of a certificate key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return schedule information for the given form form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a list of languages objects of all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create an entire tab identified by course_key .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  force   get
truth:  create   a

test:  opens the directory specified in encoding .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  build   unpack
truth:  return   user

test:  get public ip query object .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is next .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function creates the threadpool thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  function   add
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  get the environment variable name for a text .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes a tree and only to use with first .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a srs object into a map of its opposite ordered by the given id .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  store params to the postscript / params under the values passed to the map server .
truth: return a window . 
test:  -   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy version of different values .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  performs   null

test:  helper function to merge a function to an uget transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  -   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return a documentation .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   unquote
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the space2depth linear differential equation with knots .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of human-readable formatting codes .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to load and return the spm .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  is   null
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the string for use as a profiler .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region name from a specific country number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  to generate a mock interval using the order given as prime .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   compute
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  convert a string to a needquote .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  convert   generic
truth:  null   a

test:  make a report summary of a traffic summary domain name .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a tuples that fail whether or not the given key should be used .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  adapted   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return an xml element of the given payload .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves reference by reference name .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate an input value for a defined csv object .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to json .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete async model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  the linear difference between two sets .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restart if existing theano tensor is a restart .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  if   stop
truth:  null   null

test:  return a text on the payment line .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the node configuration for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  set the user after request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the attributedictionarykey or object .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the list of messages in user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  gets   new
truth:  strips   strips

test:  returns the current utc time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   seconds
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a list of exercises that the given user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the raw application name from a given image .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a guest methods to an api context .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  docstring   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  lits network security rules .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  create   a

test:  for is_default values in a .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a queryset of all activities views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a single stats between two function - r^2 .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  parse   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns false if organizations is done .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   urls

test:  generates plug-in copy .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return a list of named output names from the master .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  turn   options
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey object by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the symbolic config file and create paths .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  gets the name from a docker input .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  gets   iterator
truth:  input   input

test:  init an enforcer class .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of all interfaces for the provided {}ifaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator to require the user api method .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the arounds from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  formats an integer as a number of seconds or integer .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  flat the version of the table to the type .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set new fullscreen fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects to the module .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  is   in
truth:  routes   routes

test:  key into a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  callback   filename
truth:  writes   a

test:  computes the pdf of an array with cholesky at x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  computes   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  sizes of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  swap   multiply
truth:  divide   one

test:  drop the input data and drop it to be sent .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  input   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple of lists with nested lists of stata directories .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  return   p
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file or directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return an array of dictionaries .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  return   *
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field of a scalar field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   function
truth:  checked   create

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  function   string
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts unicode to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  unicode   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  generate a word we can use for a string .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  return the dhcp options object currently associated with the given vpc id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  return   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - can be "turtle" or brace .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  return a list of fileserver files with the given fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  finds   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a link to a specific package in fabtools import fabtools import fabtools .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   link
truth:  require   null

test:  adds a function to the specified function and returns the arguments for it .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a path with the passed path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  method decorator to update an gce policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  modify   layer
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the server .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   format
truth:  reading   reading

test:  private function used to trigger the worker ip-version output from this process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  function   set
truth:  null   worker

test:  lists all urls starting at given response and log entries .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  hook   pattern
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a gpg from the database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the information for a given network device cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   tags

test:  list comprehension spaces .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  list   line
truth:  return   number

test:  recursively transform tokens to a nested 0/0 or a tuple .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints standard payload .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  usage   expr
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  select a multi id from the database .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  select   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a class instance in the given module .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of files and freezing freezing file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used either this with the palmdoc client .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   set
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message if an stderr was unknown .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  runs a series of available push .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   push

test:  check if a role exists on the forum has already exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  if   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  get systemd version for given file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   system
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to add directly to backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack elements to nested lists .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception type wrapper as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  try to change docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  go   list
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if its streaming url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port system on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a default area using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  access the provider-independent .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  open   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all certificates for a given service by memoize it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip address from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get original fifo .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse the first dimension of a handler to try to find the python file .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a service avatar to the given user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  print   serialize
truth:  render   render

test:  a simple wrapper around app .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap the object to create a specified module .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  wrap   check
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   secrets
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get the log to stdout .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   strips
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  tpid -> int convert the status of a process to the host-byte key .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the binary array of length n .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex elements to the lists .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  show lasso positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   signal
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes the root absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log all logging logging logging logging based on the given loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  log   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the system console console .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value as a url .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the plugins representation of the document geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an iam instance exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  merge the specified number of a phone number to the specified phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   length

test:  check if the specified config has been changed .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module that will be moved to include a python target .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple wrapper to update a document to future .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order order differential equation with liouville coefficients using the f-measure equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  turns on rule into one of the same strings and the optional rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  delete   post
truth:  put   put

test:  like the node after the target and configure rows in the given target .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check whether the ip address is valid .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  check   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the label dispatcher for the local hosts .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  check   check
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks the required version version against the git api .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  git   git

test:  make sure the cli example: .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns none or evaluation of a python object .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check an selinux string .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  datetime datetime object from the current datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  helper function to find the values of non tuples .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  multiplies   decorator
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent tile to the inputs containing name of the desired disk .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  return signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  executes   read
truth:  decode   decode

test:  gets the root root of the directory that the directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequence of weve starting at most recently ngrams calls .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  do   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the user has the permission to perform a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator to cause a tuple to provide content attribute names .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a common b with the desired b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   function
truth:  find   a

test:  return a interpolate binary b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available topics cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr | ruleitem expr | expr | expr gt expr | expr ge idlist .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  dummy view for loading .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a list of intconstant elements of the output files to use for writing .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the name of a file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   dumps
truth:  file   file

test:  return the string representation of an data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns the file name for the directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns user name for linode netgear end of environment definitions from an integer .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   format
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff representation of the queryset .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a test to the decorated function .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  return a list of django management template names for a given template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get redemption cart from the user who used by the context .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  null   method

test:  send a multiline yaml file .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   i
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function for connecting to execute a layer below one convenience function .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper for removing bytes from a string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   key

test:  parse snmp to parse lists .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  coerce   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  test intervals of forms; .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   platform
truth:  producing   checks

test:  attempts to determine an appropriate type of data from the file object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  string   case
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to be called when the process has completed .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  compute the interpolating expression for x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  pretty print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   a

test:  for each instance of this allowance frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  passed   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the shape of a matrix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  form   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front with the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified names exists and is valid before accessing .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry from the worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset text .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  text   default
truth:  print   a

test:  run a package run .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the pkgutil database .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  return   export
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  default page .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  default   control
truth:  null   null

test:  split a path components into a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  wrapper around timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  helper function for searching logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  command   a
truth:  make   strings

test:  return true if the user is done and is not a django execution .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  union   verifies
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a function c{f} and return its arguments .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a guessed string that returns the user to be displayed .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  returns   attribute
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests max_revision() are always show after truncation .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  record   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  load if a equals day or false .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  provide   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main method for the unix .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  control   dispatch
truth:  null   null

test:  a dictionary of top keys from any of the current configuration parameters d : keyword arguments or list of strings or list of strings that contains a specific values removed
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that 'pythontests returns .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  ensures   dummy
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the standard all_correlations object .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme from the given footer .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : simple_stmt | newline | literal | newline | ratio to be used .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for dynamic senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  is distribution an egg that doesnt have a git git link to its egg using $ method .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  is   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  turns items from a fields into a dict .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  turns   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  items[item][ twitter number of features .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  constructs an image of *fname* of *fname* definitions .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  constructs   numbers
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   status
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parse a date string and return a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure hponcfg is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  load   load

test:  a simple wildcarded name for a string .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon elastic opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  skip an array of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  handle   human
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements stored on the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  lazy initializer for servicecommandgenerator using the auto-detect init command .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  helper function to calculate the absolute deviation of a given vector on 2d .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true iff the two dicts passed in the function .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  starts   array
truth:  null   null

test:  lists tags of the interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  run   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute mri mri mri .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of a 3d range .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return markdown fields of a markdown compatible with displays displays .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  returns smooth of the labjack for a indexdefinitions .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a boolean corresponding to the symbol when not already generated .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a space separated list to a release integer .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  convert   ip
truth:  block   block

test:  convenience function for the docstring of a string of chr[ and write each item to a new stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  ensures no lane_stack between coordinate altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mean of the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  swap   mean
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper around namespace xml tag xml document .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this method is used to replace with a new version of the form that wraps the given shouldnt replace all placeholders urls in the old fragment with a new get_html
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check computes the limit of specifying a system .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the column names for the specified schema .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse out any caller info from doctests .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   change
truth:  get   roles

test:  get inset path from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert items into a dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a json blob .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  review a screenshot for a particular draft .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  view   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  make the kruskal-wallis extension for an extension .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  make   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return new parameter definitions for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the user to send a uid for the specified user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  convert   user

test:  get a full url from a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  formats url and returns xkcd url .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  url   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a python file contained .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  iterate over data from data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterate   checks
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  for a given version of a file .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  resolves   filename
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the cr primary key id .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  constructs   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  set traffic based on config config file .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  set   status
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a path for the given directory this is the given directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  adapted   entity
truth:  make   worker

test:  create an arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  create   verifies
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate a @example metric error metric .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   up
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  given an xml document parsed from a course id .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if the working script has already summary summary directory .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  if   parameter
truth:  test   test

test:  function to load a module library notation .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  load   a

test:  the dict should also wanting a single table if a .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the name of a python object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  loads contents from a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  return the bcache partitions by quality partitions .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  array   array

test:  given a set of policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that yields the records in a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the path of the represent module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  build the platform feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  header   up
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns c{true} for the typical statistic .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict to all yield it from strings .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for the allowing __init__ .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring the shortest path of the first path between source and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  convert images to a code format .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   install
truth:  remove   a

test:  execute the attributes of a template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  return url for a given repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  url   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  itemtype add page .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  the cli commands for the lines of tokens .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  null   get
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  wrap lines with tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim elements of array .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trivial   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the arguments for the given function takes keyword arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create the description of machines .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   get
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  test that every configurations of a test and plots .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   compute
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  form   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  a simple wrapper to write the virtual server .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return an internal random item with the passed number of items .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  delete the desired time .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a connection to the host server running on host using the given host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  wait   unicode
truth:  to   try

test:  run a new vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  run   check
truth:  set   set

test:  update a trace to an action trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  list callback page parameters body : json .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper function to return the asset if needed .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  context   method
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return an tutorial with content that renders the file at .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  return   function
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run an output and wait until it is passed .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  validate a config value from a config dictionary and extract displayed classes .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  view   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  function   print
truth:  print   print

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sensors .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  helper to find the name of the given path .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if the stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get default form for a particular form .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  default   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse public certificate request signature according to public key .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  open a function using interactive .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   try
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns string of the common prefix .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the currently active stack .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get the data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  get   print
truth:  return   return

test:  shared implementation of the first list of tuples .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  given   a

test:  copy a list of urls to their corresponding json .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  copy   serialize
truth:  given   a

test:  confirm we can connect to file data .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  relative strength index .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  moving   null

test:  wrap - parse a posix client if drawing is true .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  form   interface
truth:  adding   handle

test:  wrapper for pdbedit .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  if   check

test:  convert lines at the ending of lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  convenience function to open the users digitalocean .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode to unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  unicode   apply
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the average of the specified distances .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  4-byte the specified info from the hostnames .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities for the given string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   match
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the process .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  this function returns the python class instance of a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  tells   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns a composite image object .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates the output of the port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language group .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generate random information for the given date and date .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace special characters in a string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for im_func with a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert raw header values to list of lists .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  write   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  read xml file and return the list of xml .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  use   parse
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a package value for a given secret .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  dont have an queues on the passed positional arguments .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the job from a sequence of html tags .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  find   html
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   close

test:  very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   sequences
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that all python 2 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  utf-8   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get an invalid version of the invalid version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  get   get

test:  get block device paths for the instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance for an instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a time object .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  handle correct info from the sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts flag to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  sleep   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  reload service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  return a decorator to skip tests unless we dont know what one .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return virtual name of the module .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   change
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  return a random subset of the state given a params .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  a decorator to designate and acpi .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   no
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generate a uniform uniform uniform rule for an open binary representation .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  transform   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a child of elements in the set of matching text using which the elementtree .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  returns   append
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  notify a resource to a document .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  update   view
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a command .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  invoke   try
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | left | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loads length of a queryset .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily copy handler for logging .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view for status requests for testing purposes .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  view   replacement
truth:  call   call

test:  run a function and return its sublime loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  run   a

test:  only load the module if declaration_string is installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a function for positional argparse .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  helper function that loads a file names into some sort errors in common locations .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   index
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  take x in given text of template name .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  is   function
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to create an action to be created for debug .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  adds   options
truth:  null   cli

test:  return the scalar from a number or complex with sympy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test either the mne flag .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   metric
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  gets the current pattern .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  find   list
truth:  gives   a

test:  attempt to execute a relation from a particular dns service .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course with this discussion you dont need to course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of all units with the specified hierarchy .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   limit
truth:  time   time

test:  evaluate a list of colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  splits   a

test:  transforms a _sync_command_error_squashed .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  create   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  split a .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  split   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  authoradmin: type: .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  default default library library library info .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  default   open
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a valid setuptools and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  transform the points of a linear regression .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  test the decorator to set the callers timeout information .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   block
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  override override .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  casts   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  parse an expression and return a parsedtemplate expression .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a value to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  scans a user from the given location .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  floating   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in datetime format to a python date .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path refers to the package a python directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  to   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test using a subset of text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   human
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the search index from the search for a particular index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  dictionary   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  return the value corresponding to the request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  return the key function that is valid .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper function to determine if a line of a line prevline method .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  sends   method
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random string using externally authenticated authenticated authenticated end end .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify that attribute should be present .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry execution of this checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   show
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper function for computing comparison surface to the logger axes .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if *obj* is a database .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  rebuild   helper
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup fritz!box thermostat .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   configuration
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to perform a tuple or method and test methods .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   args
truth:  null   provider

test:  create greyscale code for upper command-line tool .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   a
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  return a dict of documented documented content .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  drop indices to drop epochs on given epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drop   indices
truth:  equalize   null

test:  for wont order to the object that wont wont doing a .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence to a 2d precedence .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find a file and return a list of cmd .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if twisted is available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  changes the csrf off local token .
truth: given a request . 
test:  changes   csrf
truth:  given   a

test:  update websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the baselist items in a list .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  check if the course is expired for expired .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  if   function
truth:  to   checks

test:  format the number to a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   fixture
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the nest sensors .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test decorator to run a test if not installed .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write the given data to a valid html .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  execute the default configuration .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  bypass y with an discrete differential url .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension of an ndarray at the boundaries of x along an right copy of x along an odd extension of x along an odd extension of x along an
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image setting for all images of the hostname .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  set   return
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the renderer state to be used for ~astropy .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  extend elements of a sequence to true if there are any element in a sequence .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides rbac if ipvsadm command is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find the sysctl parameter names from a sysctl parameter .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   one
truth:  expects   a

test:  used instead of download-aria2 clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the new facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the new
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   current
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for this module .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add the closest remaining making the closest remaining .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  null   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  construct an appropriate issubclass from the issubclass form class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   version

test:  calculates all issues for issues construction .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extract   references

test:  export an exploration to export by the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests [u'samaka' plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to given line containing } and open or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to packets and print the answer each time srloop if positive integers are using a .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine the line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  display a model that __init__ model .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  training   wrap
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a new list of nodes of color g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return postgresql string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  return   input
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a github state is a github state thestateof"{ .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  get getting statistics of getting with timezone and save .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a user provided .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  is   a
truth:  run   run

test:  got prefix of another dict if it returns .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  prefix   return
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  true if func is being executed in function .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  calls this object from a file-like object .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  displays filename into a single space .
truth: utility function . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  function   function

test:  verify display of ensuring .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  local <query> should have a timedelta object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  select the first made of a function .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  select   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  upcast function .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a loader modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  decorate the test method .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  construct   statsd
truth:  make   a

test:  wrap a really .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   function
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image from the volume .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  writes a nested token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the ui metadata .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  wrap   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse of variation .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   axes
truth:  function   function

test:  test that you cant make sure the w3af keyspace and used when combined with a us-ascii .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return the named file from the grains cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  download   a
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check setting of _ config during config and requires the jenkins setting .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get and remove generated by a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create new private key with the given key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  try to compare linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  to   role
truth:  linking   linking

test:  return content from segment dict with given name and return the list of observed values .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of standard standard deviation of production and {% standard payload .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a covariance matrix .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes a single space separated list of unicode values .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  url   slugify
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   try
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  wraps words and formatted so that the length of the substring is none .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  currently executing task logic .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  yield a single log stream .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   n

test:  finds a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if the action is an choices user .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   action

test:  find branch length of a belongs to the given terminal .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  count   count

test:  is this a endpoint to compute the list and its python-consul .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test the built-in exception usage works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   app
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine whether it can determine if an array to determine if no values are found .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the user wants to the coupon account cart by issuing a json code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   prints
truth:  null   method

test:  return a string of all words separated by a mapper sentence .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are not in effect of text .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  roll changes to happen state .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  the importer should be able to have the importer path .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  null   +
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  get the passed user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  count the number of input input input input .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts and returns a list of dicts .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  extracts   get
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of type values from the given type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  attempt to get version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the secret model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format a params to a provider name .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  verify   configuration
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an md5 hash of the specified file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculate column property of an existing property .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file from a list of 3 values .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  move   move

test:  rename source directory structure .
truth: move a file . 
test:  callback   delete
truth:  move   a

test:  strip the text .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  strip   filename
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the objects of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a os for indexing dataset .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the xml tool xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for required fields in header weve if there is no required fields .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  returns   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  outputs   password
truth:  file   file

test:  print weeks statistics .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  tracked   a
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes encoding to a string .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  log   file
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  an operator for creating a single histogram .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the mill dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  repeat string comparison for aes .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  calls   try
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new kolmogorov-smirnov .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random bytes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  loads all the directories from directory .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger monitor .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  searches   location
truth:  returns   a

test:  get objects for mount objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   logs
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that check matches exactly one of the arguments .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse a corresponding config file .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  context manager used to capture a command on an existing .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  return an appropriate implementation of a given property or a targets .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  retrieves the image command to use for a provided image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  retrieves   image
truth:  get   size

test:  returns the version as a string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  creates   version
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower order with an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  adds   triangle
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get the named id .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the video archive from a given file .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  scan   scan

test:  construct a random boundary boundary .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and deployment cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a normalized argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to write access permissions to _ .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  function   try
truth:  close   close

test:  handle custom root script start with a subprocess .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  analyze   loop
truth:  display   display

test:  write a given file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  file   a
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads data locally and setup the data directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns a user object from a list of email .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable or disable ipython setting for ipython speed .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check for a string looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the resizes over the individual square root of shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively copies a cache folder to any other nodes having a cache .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  test with required version should be instantiated .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  identity function .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a command with root wrapper as a decorator with root .
truth: run setup . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  serialize python data structure for json .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically download to download the managed setuptools file .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for original equate .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes integration integration for a given api in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the index of the given hosts file .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a sequence with the specified bytes .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the size of the given object .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  returns   mne
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of common values from a range .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  adds additional tests to all tests if geoip is true .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  call f on linearity .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert "d .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  extract   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse worker(s) .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  value   stats
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute average clustering of one-hot and compute the average clustering .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  return dict from google content field and response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github user by name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate fixed ip by compute host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test inverse of involving working includes those letters .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   image
truth:  like   like

test:  create a computenode for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   resolves
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   checks
truth:  open   a

test:  returns tuple of type error from given problem .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  tuple   yaml
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : step line | file_input varargslist le expr | lang gt expr | lpar varargslist program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  close   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the current user is created .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  if   null
truth:  displays   differences

test:  auxiliary function to turn a sympy vector into a list of dicts .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get [2] for modify == open hours with name stream_name number of addresses .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  executes   vms
truth:  stream   stream

test:  add the inner inputs to the terminal .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   add

test:  given a single partition id and a gui partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the list of user ids of user identified by a given viewpoint hash .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  load a file with the importance directory .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   file
truth:  loads   a

test:  return otu input records which are pep8 from driver cpus per second .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  given   counts
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the sends a password to the globally-held password .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  sends   get
truth:  function   function

test:  for a list of example test .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  return   return

test:  determine a dictionary from the arguments node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  to   try

test:  average pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  determines which ]module is stored in directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over the oncedef for astropy .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert a list of available terms of emailmessages .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields lines of this metric .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a file exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate python expression evaluation using builtins .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   values

test:  extracts an photos property from the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  queries   checks
truth:  executes   a

test:  test for equality v2 .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the string contained in the http request id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute the usersocialauth command line call .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get issues after a single page given an object .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  download   hits
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator for api methods .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  translate   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert a context to status of imap4 .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  cache   tags
truth:  is   t

test:  given a unicode-safe database url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  given   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the partial users in repository for the given repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' paths has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove interest from a list of numbers .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  if   window
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump all runtime statistics .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  command   return
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a file-like stream to a target file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   replacement
truth:  write   null

test:  check whether proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the x-frame-options view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  helper function to dot method for certain file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  function   string
truth:  export   method

test:  select a mathml special arithmetic arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  select   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a numpy data to a 2d 2d type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase any upper case from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  if   null

test:  hash -> packed encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   computation
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  test for two strings so that .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   tests
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check reports to be sent daily .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  run the inset specified in the command line interface .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure inclusion based header based header to allow x-api-key based header based header based header .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  fetch   test
truth:  test   json

test:  regroup a number of characters from a string .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run the command via the"shell"kwargmaybeomitted .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a new database .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you can be instantiated .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  get disk data based on disk .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  server   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get the first locales from the given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  unpack   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller for given prefix .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more model instances .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   increment
truth:  null   version

test:  open a .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  generate a dictionary of datetimes from the auth ip address string .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  fires   a
truth:  make   null

test:  check if x is a valid eia order of x and returns true/false .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  lead call within [low / strides .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  test if there is a random [neighbor + a1(x)y(x) .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  is   legend
truth:  test   test

test:  for each arg return a list of strings .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url to url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   treebank
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  sends an error message to a domain .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  sends   python
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  ensures   contents
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution of two masks in y order .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the current test config directory for the given path .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a single command line interface for the git command line or none .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   git
truth:  launch   launch

test:  fake fake cluster objects into the database .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   requests
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate project .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  require   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for views which will be used in a breadcrumbs revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  get all file from a given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as centered .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  construct   plot
truth:  collects   a

test:  test installing a wheel for installing a package .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  installing   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides link to the file if not present .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  provides   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get loading of the directories .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  loading   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random individuals algorithm crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  initializes and returns refund enrollment page to populate the refund and set it to an httprequest template .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  test if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  gets all letterhead .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial division in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump cli arguments .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is set .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the translations translations to the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  hook   files
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should have been complete .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  simple wrapper to add the covers to the timedelta that we always use the plugin types .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  import and return module given the module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  load   a

test:  like reference .
truth: return true . 
test:  like   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import zh-cn in a qapplication hash .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create a dict representation of the start of values .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  show the differences between two topics .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get cli example: .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the output of the successful database via "show --version cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  get   update
truth:  calls   calls

test:  compute crc-32c entities .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  compute   paths
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a sequence of indefinite .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replacement for this commandline .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  this is a temp directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  simulates   attempts
truth:  make   null

test:  given a thread name .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  mark   signal
truth:  null   infinite

test:  initialized in dhcp dir .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   location

test:  return the correct status according to the rules for a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  use this to make sure that the file is not in $path .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  use   return
truth:  make   a

test:  test cloning users .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  split a list into a space-separated .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that * raises an exception if sqs is not imported .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  return a list containing the changes required to boundary .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  return   current

test:  show a help command .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a dictionary of interval to mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is called before and after a test set .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  name   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  return whether or not we load if the effect of item .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  text   open
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  custom registration function .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are tuples .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get shared potential .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  verify   equivalent
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a url based on the given user .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  posts   posts

test:  context manager to set a variable of *x* .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  translate   json
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of executable .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  get   line
truth:  extract   part

test:  get the path to the app .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   power
truth:  return   power

test:  sort an xml tree by a inferred grades .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  sort   number
truth:  print   print

test:  return "dir" and translated units .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   status
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of tuples currently registered vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager that changes to the stderr list .
truth: override sys . 
test:  context   usage
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for the config script .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return same frequency from a frequency matrix in time .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   points
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  download   workflow
truth:  null   in

test:  full equality of the equality .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  to   get
truth:  if   null

test:  given a value for each action key .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   stubs
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username on user .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  grab   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the header path passed .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an data sequence by replacing it to a generic clause .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   values
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the first expression name from system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  cache the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  like os .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  start the modjk cli args .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a method used by creating a django instance locker auth .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  computes   eip
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create the named file path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle is properly displayed .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  test if the specified column exists on the specified table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  alter   a

test:  sets the default value of the deindent .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  sets   calls
truth:  raises   null

test:  main method for cleaning up collection .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  command   command

test:  emulate sqlobjects plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  emulate   human
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a function using discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  function   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  error check that the proxy option this test should be followed by writing and fix too config files .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 by setting .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a version string for the highest version used to determine the version version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   version
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random url-safe 8 key learning is a new url-safe we generate a random url-safe - random bytes .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only work on solaris systems with unsupported installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  open the given document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  open   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the global store of the current configuration .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  get the unix revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets any field details from a file .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to haematoxylin-eosin-dab color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get current request identifier .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  get   current
truth:  return   return

test:  open a file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   round
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  register a new role class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the expiry helper for non-unicode .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a phone number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  function for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  download a namedtuple of containers .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  download   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  preferred   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return a function code object .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  get the phone service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read an data as a table with no types and exit .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  read   a
truth:  make   null

test:  raises an exception if the given locale is not available .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number of entries to the epoch .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the megam setting for the binary variables .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  send   nltks
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  utc test for a julian date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download a setuptools specification to be passed to a bootstrap archive directory .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  access   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips for a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to extract information from the input html .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  volumetype -> function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if demo is compiled matches demo .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  coerce value to a <script> representation .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  value   value
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  sends an error message .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the word line of a stack trace .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a user on a list of user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   add
truth:  add   add

test:  calculate the partitions for memcache .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  null   number

test:  generate a generator for a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield all the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  get the root class from a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  build   null
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version of this package or not .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a collection object with any units in the given unit so that it returns lists .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  start the accompanying start'] setting .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   i
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default assert matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this function is used to load with a organizations .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  calculate pairwise in synchronous of standard error .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this function returns cutoff as an int .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  set all nodes having a path to source in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  prints usage of a list of results .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  gets   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a helper method to generate a capital message .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this parameters data : key returns a dict representing the items of each key .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  maps   replaces
truth:  return   a

test:  example: -> command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli from the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  change the total html template .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  change   replaces
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a spamhaus log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   docstring
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  get a list of python fix fix for a given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  get   state
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a string is a valid dictionary .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of a binary file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   md5sum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not an integer is a valid python identifier .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  return   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the string prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  return x or a angle of an array .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  casts   need
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string response .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return leading integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to allow an evt for a given actions on a mod: .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  simulate   problem
truth:  delete   delete

test:  the most of the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  shutdown   find
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a key in which the value is non-empty .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  download   get
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  gets the current request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  gets   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  toggle that a user can get an error on a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  index of a callable .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  value   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of all models for all models in the given output .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that an image matches the given features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  request   request

test:  this function is used if click is epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  function   connection
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes starting with the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check for rabbitmqctl syntax numbers like gcs source token .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   strips
truth:  return   line

test:  returns the indentation of an line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees of absolute 3 into degrees of one-hot .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  the function validator that a function will call .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  return true if the content is on json .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command with the given arguments and return its output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   endpoint
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  checks if a python name is a spyder name .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   strings
truth:  if   test

test:  asset asset delete asset delete .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lookup out the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  grab   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  validate the very id .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  modifies   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostat .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  transform a line of active endings into a dictionary .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find child nodes with primary key .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   configuration
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  remote   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  providing the path of a pooling .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   a

test:  take a dictionary mapping entry or http(s) objects .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  take   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a color object from a built-in space .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module modules from the file system .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  given   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh a list of all containers that have a particular containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  refresh   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t of variation .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an object by attribute and if an object is true .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the html file against ipython notebook .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   =
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercises for the given content content .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  copies annotation of input source to the desired location .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  returns the given image array of left ids .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method for getting timeline of linked migration .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered (/) .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  read   skbios
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins required on the host .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse diophantine equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of imports to be created .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   factory

test:  check if the object is a scalar-like .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare chisquare map from the null hypothesis .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start service via monit cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator for creating a test to be written .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a message to the wikipedia response .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   open
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the cpus to format the rfc1123 root .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   format
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the predictor polar coordinates .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   equation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method to retrieve a network device running the specified network device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a relative distribution url for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  return   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this one tries to merge brick .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  compute the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket jacket by removing the jacket of an existing jacket .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  escape and allow attribute string to json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether a repository already exists .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  to   information
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading to be masquerading as belonging to a specific specific specific date in studio .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs a simple middleware and returns a json response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the value from target_dir header is well formatted .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the time series of for second second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  func   number
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create json file using the safe_mask creates a single pmf file .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  starts   metagenomeseqs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  convert a string to a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to create an existing shell shell on a specific port .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the never likelihood of a 3d array .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  return the current database cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse this package does nothing .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  labels   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return true if a file is an experiment gear this is not a fonts .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure an integer detail exists and return a valid integer as .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  control   format
truth:  function   function

test:  mill the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  mill   coil
truth:  limit   a

test:  return an iterator over the values of a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  get entry from target .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  build   page

test:  return the named service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  run evaluate with given arguments .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  run   host
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install or upgrade the executable for this test comparisons .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   equality
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a sql command on a remote host .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  run   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a correctly that would be read .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the common alarm server .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  asserts a list of text emitted by qstuff .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and run command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  command   handles
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return a valid intersection states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  a decorator for api methods that require synthetic synthetic methods of the current session .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  a fixture that sets the standarddir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  this function is deprecated by : param .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to get a ccx of images on a particular course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test gre summary for issues with a given target summary .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  test   test

test:  restart a ipsum page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string containing the source player url .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  helper function to rollback create an email address and store it with 1s .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  clean   exists
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  recursively delete a guided rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to disable old language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  ask if operation should proceed; showinfo if the answer is ok .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  if   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  helper function to get a modules format from an object .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  init_declarator must be either a namedtuple or change .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a search engine engine or return a translation object .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  fetches the target for an installed module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  print the current item from the public server .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  print   export
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move object items from each object in the lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  copies   move
truth:  moves   null

test:  iterates through all glob patterns in the list .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  iterates   glob
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve an element from a certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  given   null

test:  context manager for setting an assets with the same name than the current request .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  context   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  for testing .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  call to run the given executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with 'launchctl' .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  parse time .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  parse   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing off of this makes sure the github service is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the value associated with a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like password .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  similar function: .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a file into a bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  build and then replace data from the given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  switch   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  full millisecond predicate .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  djangos   move
truth:  walk   null

test:  make a list of all values in xml .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  remove concurrency from the opening/closing timestamp .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   create
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a new identity property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  the main function to display a different versions of all the servers .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create a properties['resource operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   version
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a process is running on the process with a running pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry if k has ambiguous function calls .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  null   send
truth:  try   something

test:  run any function _exithandlers functions _exithandlers in reverse order so functions are executed last site functions with the given function is called last time to run any arguments in reverse
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs light platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the exponential distances on an array of rows .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   gradient
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  when a circuittermination is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the list of all the value from pattern using the pattern .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  value   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if host is sunos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a list of paths .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  select   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the value of the request header .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   mocks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an html by the given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get a dictionary of basic tool shed tool shed tool shed .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a statusbar and warning with an tracebacks number .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return the total metric definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  a function to properly be used with python 2 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  extracts a pointer from a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  wraps an application method in its language-dependent custom method .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the logger and module name .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get all iscsi output from available rules .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yann yann namespace instance .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  restarts   return
truth:  get   get

test:  multiply constant when user boto3 .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  multiply   return
truth:  null   part

test:  helper function that escapes parameters to lift in a query .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return three topic cipher object from key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  ordered   product

test:  decorator for testing files set closed issue termination .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  sync   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to get the grains from the proxied device and return the first server data that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   get

test:  converts all randomsymbols in the expression to .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher bytes of the first 8 .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  recursively use new dictionary except for all items in d .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   filters
truth:  return   a

test:  validate a command .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  normalizes   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of grains for all the current instance .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generate json constants to be selected .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  function   format
truth:  format   a

test:  compute the svals transform from plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user has page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  needs   help
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  load a file .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  default html template for a full template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   html
truth:  build   a

test:  unpack a file and return its members .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  unpack   copies
truth:  copy   a

test:  a dummy user utility function to ensure a default user has an api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tests   units

test:  call to construct a simple entry from the list of warnings filters is a string which has passed into the ndarray filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup logging .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  logging   replacement
truth:  detach   program

test:  push server yield module_cache at most recent autorization .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  push   function
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image via installed uuid uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets info for given function .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  gets   pull
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator that asserts that the attribute of all objects docstrings .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return list of tuples representing a tuple of length 1 .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   request
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that the gce instance .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  object   object

test:  quick utility function for transitive .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   formatter

test:  given a task task ref .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   a

test:  move to the current line from the cursor to the next line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  to   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  used to set func with the decorated function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  func   a
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  compute the decryption of a single function limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  compute   func
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given python data object .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   key
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  make sure the given content contents is relative .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the start of a module node in a set of lines .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses items .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  crop   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: ptarget this plugin publishes pages and job main jenkins to the build pages and job main page .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   gamma
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  write full reports to each file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   summary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncate a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates using key and map to validator .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  emits a global event for a default event .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  register   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  made from js code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  has   js

test:  update a database to the latest api .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long floating point number to the previous file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  attempt to texcept .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  if   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove the mtime directory named typename which are last modified before each node .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp console console .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detect 'browser' to detect 'browser' option .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  base64   =
truth:  if   null

test:  return list of valid languages languages from locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the shortest points .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parse command line argument .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  running   running

test:  verify that calling an bases using its filename in *individual* .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  calling   header
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  read out the last mine at the double-under target .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  get   data

test:  load and generate a affine start command line from disk .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of public data .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   update
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command and waits until it is not available .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  find the literal expression in the literal .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses configuration and returns a string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  prepares   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there is another routes .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   doctest
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against *value* .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  find the logging traceback of the given log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  shortcut   file
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a dict from an warn .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  strip   replaces
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all python modules names in current directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   lx

test:  parameters a certificate to get a certificate of a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with three members and populates the given params .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if and only if the user status is marked as staff status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dot product of two masks .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   training
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse an xml tree of a tree of tags into a tree .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of vms on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   key
truth:  return   a

test:  variant of an s3 bucket in us-east-1 directory .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update tasks to api chunks .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  unshares   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  do not display the jar if it is already .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  null   negation

test:  split and clean multiple hosts into one list of each host .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  makes   checks
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for given model or doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle and writes to a file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  opens   run
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the names and default values in a tuple .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  computes the nodes and weights for each dimension in a given place .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  lowercase names of deacc .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  lowercase   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generator that returns the frames of n .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   timeout
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the top of the given pid using the given pid through the current process .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return true if we can generate a user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  takes   get
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the carving for a cxvpy element .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create an auto-proxy client for usage with oauth requests .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that the extracted are valid .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a value to unicode for matching minion .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic fit of degree .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   error
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  convert a datetime object to a human friendly representation .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  mock exception and handle errors in http errors .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  context   code
truth:  save   current

test:  helper function for inputs: open file .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a scrollregion scrollregion .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  stop and remove all dynamically linked to a node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  if   roles
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cumulative density function of binomial wrt by t^ .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  determine   helper
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the output of chain digits .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return rules for an object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the number of days for a password can be a new .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   alternatives
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   checking
truth:  null   resource

test:  send html info to a recipient template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns the version of the given ip address associated with the given ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the line number of a given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  support   order
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores restores a hook for later templates .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  log   a
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns an absolute path for given sibling .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the defaults from the following configuration variables .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  return   override
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name corresponding to an ascii string .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write sequences from sequence of sequences to the sequence fasta files .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   sequence
truth:  writes   a

test:  url-encode url-encode characters .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   lock
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  takes   article

test:  sets the client api call .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  makes   app
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  check non-nan floats and got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  to   return
truth:  finite   finite

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  gets period from a period of time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  determines   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  returns a list of roles owned by each properties .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  build   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution with an confidence key .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  example of the allowing global image disk interface .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  null   image
truth:  process   process

test:  return information about a service .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to simulates a wheels remote host for the specified app .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   urlparse
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  compare replication dependencies and differ from a dict .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  point   commands
truth:  lookup   a

test:  provides rbac if linux is linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  constructs a fake view for an absolute view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish the given pages in page .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  module   endpoint
truth:  published   create

test:  delete a directory cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function for running a static command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  used by adding additional information to controller to .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object for a package .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   replacement
truth:  null   method

test:  checks that given certificate matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  get the permissions for the provided role .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of releases for releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  require the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping summary - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  adjust the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute an image of a 2d image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   null

test:  writes extra fastq types to different less than name per fasta kinds .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  transform   page
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe a user before sending publishing .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of length n from x .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  function to decide which spans between 0 and trailing weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  to   split
truth:  check   check

test:  python 2 and returns json object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  workaround   object
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read in the users preferred locales file and return them as a dictionary of locales .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  returns the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  put the current select options for selected select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  put   return
truth:  selects   a

test:  return an object given the default variable .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  get ljust .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute the leading monomial of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first utility from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test for "iter" occurring on case .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the current request content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  convert   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for checking for a set of data on which a frame has at least one .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  computes   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove a resolved job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the rights for this rights from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  reads in a python file returns a dict of parameters to their original files .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  hash func with numpy values and hash back into debug level .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  func   null
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a floating point number .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  read   a

test:  parses a simple http request to resolve the specified vary .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  default   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for testing .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  registers the list of handlers from a file_owner/file_id .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  hook   state
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish the value of an execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  publish   replacement
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the given user is marked as a role .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses an http response as specified by headers and return a json response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  recursive   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a dict with all lags requests belonging to a particular user .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  to   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  modified parameter string encode for imap modified utf-7 encoding .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all a user .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all images dont contain mongodb .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a media descriptor .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  decrement   get
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for installing from its not .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  missing   help
truth:  help   help

test:  format a path to the image will be checked against the specified image and .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  format   image
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see delete table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template string that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the minimum service time .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  this function is used to change a model instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  starts an email with password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  finds and returns all combinations of n items in the cpu log .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  finds   n
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a single space only to negatives .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  enable or disable a tab on command line .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  enables   readline

test:  find a finder resource in the primary resource on the values .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  find   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cluster size from the cluster string .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test either if we can fit a significant category read and write estimator on an array of estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  if   check

test:  get equation at log of log information .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   n

test:  returns the safe compatible with hexadecimal .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set_type : 'byte' + field_type > .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  null   null

test:  return precision is a valid pdherr .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  retrieves   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates a model for a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data if authentication and the data if this is too 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   gzip
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  if   return
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull "d .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  code   code

test:  guess a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   a

test:  set the where the value of the db value is true .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  set   checkbox
truth:  was   option

test:  send a message to a destination register file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   a
truth:  file   file

test:  calculate the oldest dictionary with oldest information .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  iterate   get
truth:  return   a

test:  a function to response auth using response auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  register   a
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the gradient denoising algorithm on a single image representing a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a null string into an ascii ascii string .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all instances of a future .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  change the default value of the package specified by the function .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   number

test:  activity hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  a simple view that renders a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  get the version of short .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a cascading .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make an error code for a uindex operation .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make the given list of command .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  make   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate a font x window for relative __init__ .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator to declare that a method is available .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split value into a list .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  to   helper

test:  rgb to relative color space conversion .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find the source files from clauses to clauses .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number of seconds in seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer | list newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  convert ids to a string .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert the given string representing a bool .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if the input is a return if both are equal .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a url to the site_url api set via api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly linear unit function in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  remove the console file .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the minion configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  testing dlls for services .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  pending   transform
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view shows to form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  block   project
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed by a user .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  persist   replaces
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  when the field name is required .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   html

test:  make the received dict representation of a 'commentable .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  make   function
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the smallest entry from the jpeg2000 .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  read exactly and stores to file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  takes a hostname and returns the associated bucket object .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate an security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  does this detects a reverse record for all extra keys .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  records the date/time of all messages .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  scans   run
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  verify a path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the alignment distance between two numbers .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  byte   byte

test:  extract the most common obj values from a most of the given field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a message value prepared for a default system index .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  smb-enum-shares a tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  are   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  list out the pillar and ssh into the pillar .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all name of the filters .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  loads nginx to the new .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  runs   list
truth:  removes   a

test:  return vms information for all gce on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   cputime
truth:  return   cputime

test:  load config file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  return a sum based on an event .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  return   addition
truth:  function   function

test:  get the python codec name corresponding to an encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  creates a single network .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  null   load
truth:  is   n

test:  decorator to convert multiple random data to multiple own pem item .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates minion to a module in the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  consumes vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a hashable that is the content of tokens in the content type .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  check whether the default test has been set and set on the host .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  run   core

test:  returns the labels on a rgb color specifier .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  resolve a file into their own string .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  deletes an existing service with the given status .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a center command and update ports .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   parameters
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats optdict formatting list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style layout .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the mapping[u] communicability of g for each node in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  changes the default may contain these levels .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  to   new
truth:  used   null

test:  return the id of an image file which contains a given id .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   json

test:  tests parsing from acls .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  recursively resolve all active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current python version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  print out and reachable information for given clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the node with the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume type by project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a utility function to extract the values in the address byte string as x .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   null
truth:  create   create

test:  create a dictionary of dictionary from disk values .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   load
truth:  load   dask

test:  compute the sections of a means transform is safer stuff for an array .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads out the numa and numa from the given file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the test case of ipython \nexcept hooks is not work in dhcp first_contribution_msec .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  read log file based on folder .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  read   dataframe
truth:  to   helper

test:  get current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  get   call
truth:  gets   null

test:  sequence and n bytes .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  return the registry for a cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  memoize   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  verifies that the specified ['failure' is valid .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  check the default filters filters filters and determine the list of configured filters .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  connect content to a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  retrieve   url
truth:  function   function

test:  get pairs describing all keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of keys of another diff .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the localized driver or clusters .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a dict of cpan ssh file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  list   dns
truth:  return   a

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a rstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return source and its mapping .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   a
truth:  maps   maps

test:  creates a new logger with filepath satisfied by filepath its owners .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  creates   source
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq policy is absent name name name of the virtual host to remove vhost user to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to calculate the kernel number of zero-crossings bits .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all the tuples and a kb key specifications .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   info
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the u'unknown' mapping type string .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  loads a new .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  installs   repositories
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use expect_warnings() .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  use   -
truth:  create   create

test:  format a static strategy .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  format   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  like non-html but for when initializing a text file into a regular expression .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  import the full addons capabilities .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  import   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given the list of user names .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of transport is enabled .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  calculates the canonical form with an zero key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  see if the object points exists .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for arbitrary string split .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  check   check

test:  test if an empty string is functioning .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  safe version of getattr() .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the sdk notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the user-specified distribution .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   status
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   init_declarator_list
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  turns a color by integers into a color value .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root node by the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  get   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  computes the absolute error function for the standard deviation .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  helper function to sizeresult[i] .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  null   method

test:  associate associate the array of matrices separated by a standard array of flag values .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  used   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  for how many numbers are run .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  let   null

test:  create an interface for an interface which builds .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  create   a

test:  multiply two extension of parsing 2 .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the gui .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  runs   list
truth:  return   return

test:  internal decorator .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculate checksum of commands aware times checksum used to avoid offset limits .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions of raw channel .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  fixing   data
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function for sending a valid entry for a provided location .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  function   a
truth:  check   window

test:  calculates the modules by postscript most appropriate copy .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of the ratio of all node sets .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a url; record in a nexml file handle .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  fix   iso
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse action comparison for all worst nodes found in an iterator of arbitrary pairs .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the subscription from user and the subscription on desktop .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  saves   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a egg .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert the list of files to track and track .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all installed running on available versions .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   split
truth:  running   running

test:  return the n:m or not .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if obj looks like unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that skips a function if theres no exceptions on public unpickling .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  fake   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return a line number of the line number by line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obtain   line

test:  calculates a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns list of query ids of the weight label notes: .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  function   method
truth:  make   dict

test:  find path to the provided binpath field in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   path
truth:  find   a

test:  upload a single user? identified by id and return it .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   image
truth:  null   null

test:  validate approval sync if needed .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  reset   validate_is_instance
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url for remote server .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  sets   app
truth:  set   app

test:  redirects to that the 303 or confirmation headers are built by a user .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  tries   event
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads egg uploads .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  return a step of a number of normalized probabilities .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sample   a

test:  parses a string containing a boolean name and returns a boolean value for a specific .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  to   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns the key as a dictionary representing a single filename .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* information about a certain figure args: figure : string name of an image .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  add a list of u'topic thing to a channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  show   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse typing and return a corresponding site hive .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for fast test files .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  null   update
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get a dictionary with all paths from a given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   number
truth:  given   a

test:  json-encodes the given document as well by default .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tensor w is either a pep integer or array_like .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  get the most recent database tries to load aws role .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  the theano version of theano and gpu dim is tensor .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list into a new tensor .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator to get an iterator from a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add a new git stub to the process .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  add   add
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  setup an sony service instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type of wrong objects .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case links in different locations .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get a resolves from the headers to call .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement function around encryption on the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the equation the top codes of the top language .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #672 for the si method .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  take   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  compute maxfilter-formatted loss function .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  performs   data
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   api
truth:  loads   null

test:  restore the current process .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  scan   directory
truth:  are   null

test:  add network tags to tags .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the module .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   topic
truth:  file   file

test:  for testing .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   find
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  set   set

test:  helper for getting the path for an attribute .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a group name .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this method will be used with the views which the views of the views .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates an annotation like abc .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  makes   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  check if cpu compiler resolves for given cpu compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a random ascii string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape a string in invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a context object with complete or flask session .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  create   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   compute
truth:  send   packets

test:  return a random image with the given axis groups .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   data
truth:  mean   mean

test:  raft the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  multiply   shell
truth:  null   chamber

test:  write an error handler for "performance" .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  null   api
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  create a protocol that runs a smoothed server create identical protocol .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract the datastore storage file at the given name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  a helper function for generating nodes by the substring .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  displays and save 2 and save to buttons delete a user .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  create an auto-proxy functions that contains test .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  create   selinux
truth:  xml   xml

test:  check if value is a list of supported sparseseries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  keep   null

test:  function to decide which a sequence to call to first func examples .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  construct an ec2 website query .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  function   a
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  remove all disconnecting from the specified pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  remove   alias
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns the full url to the user the modules .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a single ps and ps for xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  bartlett hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a time series of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create cross-platform doc sql to an app that trackinfo socket .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   users

test:  returns all registered options from 2 .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  list   list

test:  source_url - / .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  registers a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  allow   wrapper
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt unicode output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a generator of a and limit if there are any environment variables on src .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule for rule .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   generator
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration was sorted by .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  matrix of a variable .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  function   one
truth:  try   try

test:  concatenate each entry if it is added .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  calculates test values for low .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  log   optional
truth:  test   test

test:  generate correct server using the specified ids .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  expand   use
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the given archive in a package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  access   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache site to be installed .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  name to represent a table definition .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  null   function
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert api elements .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  if   mark
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return true if the value is a valid url .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find the pydoc .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure its easy to test .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  if a decorator is better than the next version .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  verifies   uninstall
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create an ec2 action that renders the specified parent key for the specified parent document .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare filesystem fill from job to open the file system .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  called   null

test:  exemplify repr of ascii variables .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  exemplify   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install the gravatar flags for a given email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; askyesno if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  parse the main function to run the machines on the provided directory .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  determine   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby to all logging .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function to echo a rule log for a node .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  function   resolves
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that all running 0 .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test for a field which writes the api call .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  wrapper around root .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the module into a string .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  download   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  a view that sets the current cookie for the request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   find
truth:  return   return

test:  create a service group .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  create   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calculate the relative chi norm of a gaussian distribution .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  save the order of columns to the database .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  save   null
truth:  set   set

test:  compare dipole zeros .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  compare   alternate
truth:  test   len

test:  in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  string   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show a list of all known locales cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  list   list

test:  expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  dummy implementation of a node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   form
truth:  given   null

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f in k[x] .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   univariate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  ensure that the specified child configuration variables are present in a specific child .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  instructs   configuration
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns whether the user has entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a float value in milliseconds returning a value in milliseconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all spans of whitespace with given '[\\x .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   encode
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns string containing all items from list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  download   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  splits text .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  take   null
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to get the correct container key in an object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  function   in
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively find vertex clause in given view in k[x] .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  fix elements of a slice with index x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   function
truth:  null   null

test:  finds the list of start length from a string .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  block   block

test:  validate that the formset is a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save and saves the robust directory .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  compresses   a
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with root output .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   form
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure overrides defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  allowed elements of array to be identical .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  count   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with 'simplify' coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a network domain object by its formatters .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  reads the data from file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of plugin files inside a named file .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes rotation feature map from comparing actual_event boundaries .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  assign   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a tag into a list of attribute string .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  link   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  hatch a register object to a specific image .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache file .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads the given url and returns the response .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  given   null

test:  configure celery application from the current context .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  value   app
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update an mtime stats file .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  update   update
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  true just a column attribute to contain spark? .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  parse a return value of a google request .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  finds tied cosine distribution of a non-negative image .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  generates   null

test:  add a dictionary to an shutting reload for a given dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to get deleted exit from configuration .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  adds the branch .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   song

test:  check for any drac support names to 'tuplemustcontain but pass ranges through silently .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  check   map
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gpu no broadcastable down one inputs .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get value and create command line options .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  get   info
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create an featured activity references for all instances which index is to the featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  create   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read in the s3 cache file and store it to s3 templates .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  read   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  test whether column names are correctly interpreted by right extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks for idempotency exists in the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   current
truth:  module   module

test:  like processed_list .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  append   a

test:  run the vm this process .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  run   display
truth:  get   get

test:  returns output of all keywords in source files .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  increment   pull
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a date/time string to a string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  normalize x by x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  builds   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  return all disjoint g for the undirected call .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  provides whether a course is enabled for the given certificate .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  mark   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply the linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorates a function as a list of stuff .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of matrices if the readout is restricted .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  attempt to find the finder class described by docstring .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users users on the minion .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   users
truth:  removes   users

test:  capitalize matched text metadata .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  get the configured lxc defaultif file from the topic .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieves an integer value .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  helper for checking if the server is available for max_enrollment_instr_buttons .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  given   get
truth:  null   method

test:  this configuration is used only supports configuration and is not parsed .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  copies   copies

test:  the get_work_dim() return information about a special volume .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that the signature of a certificate is mapped to the given certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the theme css file to be rendered in the download theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  find tokens like pdp but print it .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  find   method
truth:  splits   a

test:  find a field in n state .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   import
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier by the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert from a string of a space-separated e .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return module name .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  url   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  test the test .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  run   testcase

test:  waits for all urls that are not non-existent .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  context   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  the localhost of negative channels in input .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  import modules .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  import   module
truth:  get   get

test:  test if type should be represented by a list of type warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about standard user in the current process .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are deleted .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for creating a admx policy .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  initialize a image(s) .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  retrieves a pointer to a pointer random integer b .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  content   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a positive integer k .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns the string to load .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  return   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  return image with x contains an image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  project   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the inverse of service is installed .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  updates func1 positions of all tasks .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  updates   cross
truth:  update   update

test:  get the current cpu flags for this process .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  gets   alias
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distances for the distributions that are installed .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  limit view for last portal requests .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer events for covers .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   states
truth:  track   states

test:  extracts the common token from the given line .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over nodes in the graph .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k <= n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a key if it is an instance of arg .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns none random integer represented by the prng .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx lx command .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  performs   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  read   feature

test:  the sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  empty   a

test:  send email to cache emails page depends on one cache .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  email   test
truth:  email   email

test:  construct all tasks from expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  construct   data
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the maximum number of arrays along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  computes   swap
truth:  null   range

test:  main entry point for the git packages .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   training
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a port can be checked .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the url to the uri scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  add   add

test:  check the class for a function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the predictor linear regression problem for a set of numbers .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the encoding compatible into locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns the standard deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   deviation

test:  processes all the contents of a github node .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  limit   github
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: the list of names of this module names for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  to   get
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the last line of each line .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces info about a user .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lowpass butterworth filter - automatically raise a lowpass trying to determine the generalized result of a examples .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns a list of pairs of the sequence list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> execute a function with a sudo .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the absolute path of a package in a package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string to a number .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  input   number

test:  try to parse the message from the request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  map   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the logger message as a letter message .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  if the user has profile .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  control   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given addon is from google cloud storage .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  request   check
truth:  return   json

test:  import package specified by the user config dictionary .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  package   notification
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that subprocess .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create program test for we dont use this to ensure that the bokchoy api test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  function   app
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a file-like object from one s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  create   download
truth:  download   download

test:  list the thorium grain .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  list   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to a file system path and return sys .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  format   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute symmetric coefficient from a list of polynomials in gf(p) .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  construct a bound method .
truth: version of node . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   version

test:  send out ip addresses to remote seed .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  teardown   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  if so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  if either a 2-d value is a 1d expression of non-zero matrices .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  control   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  wrap a function to override a primary error handling .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  moment elements of a distribution with method using the x along with distfn .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  return the width on all interfaces .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  full equality of the equality .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install a disk server and all the default logs .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   run
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  to remove web files from the list of files which can be used as this property .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  use   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  checks the password has been set .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  make   null

test:  the idea is not a valid curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  null   in
truth:  is   null

test:  constructs an existing user .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  post   post

test:  return true if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  show all the kb dashboard for the last dashboard dashboard .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  show   get
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  change gls os parameters data : .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   component

test:  inclusive callers .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  null   newlines
truth:  add   add

test:  convert datetime to a timezone aware utc timestamp to the current time .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   iso
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an existing pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  test if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic delta[ function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   re
truth:  apply   apply

test:  the mandlebrot could have been equal .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  transform   x
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container as a dict .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   teardown
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the path to the command sys .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  is   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  default meg page of an allowed type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  set   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get libc pointer .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  xml   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstall flocker cluster information from a callable .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  mark   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the list of services for the given exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a leading/trailing reader to the given file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   lines
truth:  writes   null

test:  extracts values of an integer .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http feed with its str2long() to allow disconnect threads and add its str2long() .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  function   function

test:  learn a wsgi-function .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  update   split
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  exponent exponent .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   student
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing pickled .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  convert   elements
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse the infiles line of infiles lists to a list of infiles lists and then extracts the day where each line is exactly one .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  format   up
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for missing configuration variables .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check the type of the type string .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all configured remotes on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the target .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  get   page
truth:  make   urls

test:  save an image to a new image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  features   features

test:  test media form smoothly -- against a previously taken while setting sync_enabled .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  temporarily call a function on a class .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  patch   trace
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  files   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  helper function to unpack various names to their database .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  function   function
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled action to derivation beginning to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if the given selector has present in one of the css selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create an ssl port .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  create   send
truth:  build   build

test:  n344 - use list comprehension instead of policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  -   -
truth:  look   null

test:  get a file:// configured by the api name from the response .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  solves an equation directly .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  solves   x
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to a hex string of the binary form .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  get the converge formatted executable and return the number of times as a string .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  default   replaces
truth:  null   counting

test:  update request metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  object   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the url .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  run the error report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  run   information
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string to html string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get a list of sections from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer has sent .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator for slug handling a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a permission class to the response .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  show locked status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  list   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add an nxm matrix to the same shape as a new one .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is different at fitting and sampling binary intended and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns denoiser mapping file for denoiser .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   data

test:  normalize raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the given header method of a given header object .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decode and returns the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  takes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder this function is never be a clickable test with normalization .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  check   check

test:  takes care of < and characters in a text and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the a valid namespace or none if a namespace is a datastore .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   app

test:  parse the given lexer for a given node .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the html writer is not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not use multi-dimensional
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a label label with an prefetch_related_objects label .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  translate   refresh
truth:  test   test

test:  set the warning on the current thread .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  set   long
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync folder for all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   list
truth:  sync   custom

test:  returns a filter object from a service .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  this creates a utf8 .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  process a single index file to try to use when the custom index .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  process   a
truth:  host   host

test:  test that we can construct a raw stub from a full stub .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return default url for the google cloud storage .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  add a module to new .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test base36-encoded report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   report
truth:  adding   test

test:  returns the mode of decompresses to out_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  for tests to generate unique and send them to the directory .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   image

test:  clone features in the tool shed features on the given tool shed features features are introduced as its owner .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  clone   care
truth:  return   a

test:  report a message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  report   message
truth:  needed   null

test:  takes a list of arguments and prepends routes to routes .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a local temporary file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to get the image location .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  null   image
truth:  increase   image

test:  show filters filters .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  show   a
truth:  render   a

test:  compare a list of pathnames tuples return a dictionary that are always returning a list of candidates .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  check   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  converts a query string to a list of tuples .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  returns   comma
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is less than numpy result .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writer a given site .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  validate   configuration
truth:  update   a

test:  get a low-level service session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path for the given package .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  run the python module .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  run   edit
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  reshape string to an array with bytes .
truth: if possible . 
test:  string   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tabs name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  generate the list of styles to use for connect to the following one .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  generate   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry the function to retry a exceptions .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the build properties of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks an iterator for a valid subset of choices .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of ip addresses of a network and only returns true if network is true .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return date where the given date was allocated to use in eui64 .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   values

test:  finds the summary with feedback prices field that is made by a user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  extract   null

test:  a convenience function .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  function   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns an equivalent of the quantile position .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find identity pool ids by y2] and return list of their identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns up to multiplier part of multiplier is a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  round   method

test:  parse form header link headers .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   links
truth:  return   a

test:  run the login response data if unset .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  run   transaction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the parameters for the given flavor properties .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  a wrapper around upstart .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  null   null

test:  remove multiline comments from a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  sanitize   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns whether package is installed .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  package   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  reduce all the workers in other than other entities .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the subsequent app matches the given runtime .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  make   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  like return a boolean .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  is   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  main function .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  to   function
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  remove the numbers of the text into the tree .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  stores the modules to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate along the points[ along the begin .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to restore the specified module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   key
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of list(set()) .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  return a tuple representing the current dimension size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert a cells .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   subset
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list added added for import .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin shows a list of int instances .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given key from the list of flags .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   in
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert tasks and prepare a dict of key/value pairs .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   login
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided tablerheader .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   filename
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  temporarily login view shows the requested user form .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse daily operators and return the network configuration .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  pass me an seq_order token .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   replacement
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns an sqlalchemy model field for a given sqlalchemy field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id and the vlan with the interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  return   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  search for search system .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the adjacency matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open file from an milliseconds dict .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  open   null
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a reference record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check to see if module is installed .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  to   list
truth:  assert   assert

test:  replace extra unicode conversion of censor .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  s   s

test:  get person descriptions .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  get   crud
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all local dependencies of a remote host cli example: .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  list   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a json dict of categories for a process of categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the series series of digits of the hex number .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts an opcode to str .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the longest state of the given array .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a diff vector .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names and extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper to convert rank rank to the correct summary of calling plugins .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns capabilities for a capabilities of text .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  dependencies from utils .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : start id .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  docker-py is offsets to connect to the possible server in a simple salt .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  server   null
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   image
truth:  choose   null

test:  execute stub .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add an object to the specified indentation to the bytes .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds a container spec object from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over an item by the items of a list .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to warning .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  value   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  given an object .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  sets all modules declared in list for given dictionary .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of sorted tags .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  let let files to be a docker backend .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  disable   data
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a random subset of length n of array s .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  return   app
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension to do not start with the specified unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection and close to the session .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  autoencoder   reset
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test reading and writing of points .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  reading   wavefront
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a new input dictionary and prints the values dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current view of the given view .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an existing user session .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  a helper function for the simple norm of a .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  break   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  since task is quite inserting again will not cause again to find the execution .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  null   no
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a formatted message for the specified message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tiny array of arrays along the arrays in an array by the arrays .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  selected   transform
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group by logical time in the datastore .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the shortest lie distance between -1 .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  null   size

test:  disable service to start with boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmarks of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a new exporter function .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  generate 2+ endpoints for logging .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure the resulting signal is met .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  make   call
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger a task needs to fires when given a dict .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  set   a
truth:  run   run

test:  true if the pattern matches the given patterns .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  is   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  validates a scale by element(s) color or raise an exception if they are valid .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  validates   method
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns the global }}} .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  send   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the current date is verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  convert   quotes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a function that map characters to properties supplied .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert a object as ansi text .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for str_choices d with timestamp values .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   ldap
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy engine for the specified engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads a fragment file and format it .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  tracked   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  obj   none
truth:  return   return

test:  find an object from a given iterable .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  modify the extension extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  clear   multiple
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a string of of of files and strip zipfile times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the given setting wrapped in it .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  return   register
truth:  does   null

test:  sets a single status in the current session .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  set   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  serialize the application on a given things .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar png url .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new array of the arrays along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the current request calls .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  swap   agent
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   generator
truth:  logs   a

test:  fixture that returns a redis cache object .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get binary search for whether or not .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  null   get
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns the extension of the wrapped function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for django .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a file .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  run   frappe
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random sample from a service and assign it to the rules .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  a helper function for non-unicode .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is abstract by the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the stk500v2 programmer using the stk500v2 programmer .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  run   run
truth:  point   point

test:  prepare paths to save and files .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  prepare   normalize
truth:  return   a

test:  defines and return a setting at a specific value .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   get
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken response for the given route and url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  simple example of slack consisting of slack and the number .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read python .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  seed the random :meth:git .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves general quadratic quadratic ternary type names and returns the ternary type .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate additional items for the kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate text from a given represents a random string .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of services that are independent by the lists .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string containing any character which is not in sha-256 .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return string which just contains right strings .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  string   a
truth:  input   input

test:  helper function that removes all the permission to be used / create if user is displayed as a clean one .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check if fallocate is broadcasts .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  null   disk

test:  transforms all vertical attributes from the mapping of arrays to the details of properties .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  static folders folders with matching items .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copies an archive and ensures that we can pass the contents of the file to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copies   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes the virtual interfaces or none from the ifname to this function returns a new list of interfaces where the ifname is convenient completes when the ifname is
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies between external to root .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release id with an id as a dict with a release key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the list of sudos' names from the sudo library .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   role

test:  determine the suffix for the nbits flag wraparound value .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls using an entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   directories
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing a wheel .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  creates a private node and searchs to grpc unit .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  creates   info
truth:  format   format

test:  sends a post request .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 signature suitable for encryption .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  return true if target is detected .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  null   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper function to create an render_function file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test for a single event .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   event

test:  call debug trace for all its not tested trace .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  call   return
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for adding additional hosts to command .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all networks by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the singleton data class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compare whether article can resize contained file system .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  try   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update manifest from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  encode the given string for use in a python string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  path for configuration problems .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   view
truth:  config   config

test:  this test fails with old process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   check
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the given unit: gb gb or b to index .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack 32bit itemsize matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  copy data from the specified data to a file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  array   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  used for doc-building .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   url
truth:  appends   appends

test:  preview and returns the user cycle page .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert unix timestamp to a dictionary with keys and values swapped .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the name of the specified column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  project an (to key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  count   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return a path to the datadir config file .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks an url to a url arguments .
truth: given a url . 
test:  resolves   works
truth:  given   a

test:  create a conn object .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a mock management function .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  display legacy master extension .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  clones   get
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the distance clustering of a matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data points to an array of channels .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class object from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  turns a list of marketing into a comma-separated [ .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  turns   packages
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the specified byte array .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  convert   network
truth:  return   x

test:  send the details for the datastore .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  broadcast the package level change .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  undo   types
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  alias for process .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  if   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array of indices to be a given array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the boundary edges between nbunch and a boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the full xlsx version for a url .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test on env with ignores variable name .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   no
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test a comma-separated method .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   null

test:  check if git is installed on this system .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reads an keyurl json format from a repository key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going through the loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  to   view
truth:  view   view

test:  convert a state into .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   gaussian
truth:  convert   convert

test:  simple class decorator for classes of a given class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the polynomial lim function for the given file .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  inner telnetlib function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  calculates   null

test:  remove a node with given data .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  simulate   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  helper function for obtaining predictions for a euclidean blank graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  null   depth
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  return a organizations hook that failed errors should provide the borrowed responses .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  object   object
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the ratio of the nbunch between nbunch and dwindle .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  creates a tarball from the given file .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   key
truth:  create   a

test:  convert list of schemas classes to list of schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get known devices formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  mock   get
truth:  known   get

test:  normalized average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   channel
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find astroid for the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  run a test method name .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get flavor metadata from extensible identity fields .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon elastic mapreduce service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can receive preferences has receive preferences preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert the given list of strings to a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a module object for the given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shape of a variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to identical a function signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  only runs on freebsd systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a list of classes of the module classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease ip address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   get
truth:  called   null

test:  get the text file in the directory of a file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string representing the event loop .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   sphinx
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  this is a valid ip address string that contains the given ip addresses .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  fake   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of human-readable directory if it exists .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute f of f and the leading monomial .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  remove a touch file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an unicode string and returns the unicode string for the unicode characters in datastore .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return a secure digest of the given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  uses path to theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  link   link

test:  allow files to be used for at program .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  files   patches
truth:  find   find

test:  converts size in file size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  print   sizes

test:  build the doc for a specified pool .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  build   seconds
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal central moment / variance**2 - x values .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  is   null

test:  a test for creating a duplicate node named name .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  require   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  promotes a vector to the given operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check object spaces to take the source spaces of a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the pids of a process instance .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  returns   hex
truth:  converts   a

test:  itemstatus tickets displays all objects .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress data to gzip and return the compressed string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  the return the exponential function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a number is allowed on the given number .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   model
truth:  works   works

test:  given a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a libpython identity .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  translate points to old set of ints .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if the request was made to be written .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template or checking for a secrets url .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the ps cover .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the names and values of the element passed in last element .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_forward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  disconnect any cached data into the global tunnel and assign it to the base tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  given   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify model numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write write previous to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the windows movie time time time player .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  html page .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  download   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list helprole' role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  list   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  exists .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  index   sql
truth:  load   data

test:  wrap a globally function .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  find a matching element in the given string .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package and original config tags .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  for a string .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if cyg module is available .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() so that it is an instance of bytes to bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return rate of the confidence generally of the positive row in rate .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  return   one
truth:  null   null

test:  handle ]profile of admin widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  adds   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the uninitialized parent of a given image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  deform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  child to determine the child harmonic function given as a child subsequence .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  to   find
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given directory and all its files .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the url of brands when passed to set brands plugin .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  make sure that the field generation of a particular inventory has no threading value .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  check   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  raft the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write log lines in file .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  print   a

test:  installs one or more changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  installs   execution
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a node cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the accessor for a given requests .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  converts   a

test:  do not display the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  do   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  given the there flag and the first occurence of the first occurence of the there flag in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  updates a bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  to   alias

test:  test directories cant be removed its code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   mako
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validates if the given host passed into the list of strings .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   checks

test:  checks if the server is valid .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  test   configuration

test:  starts a specific action .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  starts   replaces
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack and extracts a progress driver names based on the filename of the filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  helper method to update volume types .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  return the amount of idle computer -> none .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  shows shows empirical run: .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show the user from the messages .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  logs   int
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the candidate and reuturns the text to be used .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of the norm of a .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  return the value for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a stacktraces server to use the http server .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  only converts ids to a numpy array of values .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the cookie record as requesting a new user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  initialize a term .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the float name for memory since the event in use .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   memory

test:  helper function for marking a unix input string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  file   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   a

test:  pass in the hash for purposes to install a default hash directory cli example: .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the fingerprint for an image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  check the long tag description of a python directory .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  create   create

test:  get the string filters from a few connection type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  same as a .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  takes   s
truth:  convert   binary

test:  simple wrapper for product that returns the a tuple of numbers .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an approximate dominating node .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the entire binary search for the specified token .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  sample   sample

test:  uniform config .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  config   float
truth:  null   distribution

test:  encode a json object to json so that it can be embedded safely can quick implementations .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of paths for the zipline cache location .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front size of the given image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  packs value into a string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  value   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an sni-enabled socket object .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   user
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test if bayesian and scale .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern using the default value .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that the timestamp string includes volumetype .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard garch process with k_var process this is just a randomly generated by gls your logging and standard deviation for arma .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from the kwarg .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll students at students .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  enroll   a

test:  ajax view .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a list of sequences and returns a list of int .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  fasta   order
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a script to an existing command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add new comments via tabcommunication .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  return system path for a service .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   output
truth:  return   rss

test:  create a stc model .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  given   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  add a query to a query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   user
truth:  return   return

test:  require a package list to be installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   check
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for admin extensions .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   header
truth:  register   extension

test:  sorts distribution data on distribution parameters data : str line flag .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  docstring   information
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  turns code using near .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  formats   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  user from doc-building .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  attempt to decode a family .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  split html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of rvm for all gems .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the data reading is supported .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  null   sensors

test:  set the entire label label for the current axis .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle service calling github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  fake total weights from invalid .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  download   delete
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs aws id from sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  report   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  helper function to convert provider values into user format .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the function flags as a floating point with value .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper function for writing .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  save   null

test:  concatenate a parameter .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  starts   text
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   quote
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend reports with '[dry]' html .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a package jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  load   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpu figures in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an arbitrary string to a quote name spaces spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  the reverse function .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  null   numpy
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source code .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise hyperbolic isnotnull .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   create
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this function does a adapt spaces to return a list of spaces .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory outputs .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   arg
truth:  ask   null

test:  simple case of valid validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  hook   hook

test:  sends an exception to the interval quantum root .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  sends   custom
truth:  wrap   a

test:  the object that can be defined via microsoft classes .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show details about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  hostname   information
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add a url to the appropriate gentoo_mirrors if applicable .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  return the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns a plotly digest for a graph with plotly .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  scales uniform linear operators -> [[]] .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns the tuple thats tasks representing python in python .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get a list of categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  alternate forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  replace special chars for shell usage .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise hyperbolic .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  indices   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an vhd .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization into the associated organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  purge   null

test:  get a list of users load users from the given user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  produces the specified number of files in replay .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  iterator   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a specific password exists on the specified name cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert an object to a dict .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  this builds a field types are properly entity from the repository types .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  a measurement implementation of points .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a single model label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  take   a

test:  make sure that the results exists on the given exception has any possible properties .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new profile cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  send   get
truth:  null   price

test:  utility function to run a given number of matplotlib values .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for a number of 1s given a string .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread return the thread responsable for i/o ? ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  computes a few place] .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : lparen uminus assignment_expression .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  convert a space separated list to the final expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   compute
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  register   view
truth:  default   default

test:  show details of all registered optionsoptions .
truth: map command . 
test:  show   run
truth:  command   command

test:  disable an action on resources .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  return 32 .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional function .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc id or vpc it .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract tags from idlelib file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  barcodes   null
truth:  return   message

test:  scale the ndarray of a linear vector by shape: components .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  scale   inverse
truth:  makes   null

test:  plot subplots for the current figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  plot   strategy
truth:  create   create

test:  add the results of a payload to boundary .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return package urls as list of javascript urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  package   long
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the specified user preference to delete the specified user as a dictionary .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  helper function to get a pager object from the response .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current database for this process .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  warn of warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  warn   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  a simple wrapper to determine if two environments b are likely or file-like object .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the logger of an email utility .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the model class .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  change   factory
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules without from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  just like roles .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  reverse   method
truth:  list   list

test:  show context manager that returns context variables .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  context   include
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the mean and a corrmat source layer .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the name of the file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an instrument amount by specified amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   tags
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy for the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the sdists feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  instantiate a class with the class decorator for a given class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a sympy between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get 2d request hook for a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  make   list
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the given command against the 5x5 configuration and negative values .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   value
truth:  format   format

test:  compute the available cpu directories for cpu .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  compute   permissions
truth:  null   null

test:  split multiple extension using single filters .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  null   multiple

test:  return the virtual machine .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for relative path attributes .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  function   one
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get/create a user with attached .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  add   add

test:  check here from subprocess to include subprocess files .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  fits   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   order
truth:  send   notification

test:  show the 'trace' output of the files .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  return   a

test:  add global accepted to the database .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  converts the unicode string to unicode .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  run a command to make sure that it is called .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  run   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal up to desired precision .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles the reset password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  evaluates -> ~/abc .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return an absolute .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain containing a plain weight tuples by changing its final element .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  turns   templates
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the service entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  load and decode the learning as a file .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  run   find
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the string representation of the 2 .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  used   function

test:  test filter bar .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create rpc object containing default values .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  null   create
truth:  gets   null

test:  compute the selected variance .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  mean   mean

test:  tests some reconstruction of the reconstruction .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  returns   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  when a text is detected .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  synchronize   compute
truth:  print   a

test:  compute shortest source .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  lazy variant of byte string .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  copies parameter parameters to the given parameter parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  base   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether a specific pid is registered in a web site .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  check   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  attach translation for translation mode .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts all parsing sequences to one that do not already unicode .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  send   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  wrapper function .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  function   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the of bitmap in x x is a oo oo .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a given logical driver exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   get
truth:  pick   pick

test:  when one worker is applied .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  model   a

test:  updates the value of the dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  updates   compat
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default image label for a node arguments: path to the default label label of the file object .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   image

test:  removes all playlists and myminion playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  removes   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis redis information .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  creates a list of lists .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  creates   split
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return config .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  config   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action for a specific model .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns a new version of the api proxy object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the changes applied by a salt job snapshots returns the object to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  context manager to catch orbits from seq[i] to the ranges in an mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  means   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  test dot22_to_dot22scalar a column of csv values .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a wrapper for the source files by the string flags .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return true if and only if g is an independent directed .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  test for graph that would actually be instantiated .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  turns a 410 error into a teardown .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if we are using params .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open and return a nested outlines svd .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  open   a
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  return a key for a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verify that a string is valid and returns true if a valid password is not a string .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download the notification contents of permissions .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  download   permission
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether a checker looks like the checker looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   get
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   vpc

test:  similar to invalidconfigurationfile .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  validates   validates

test:  determine whether msgpack is for use for keyboardinterrupt .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   frame

test:  fix a list of all results available in this list of engformatter args: a string representing the name of a list of global number of errorclasses .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get points of a cassandra cluster in a cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  list   emails
truth:  show   show

test:  parse the documentation documents .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  parse   set
truth:  find   find

test:  install a package with the runner .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  install   python
truth:  null   null

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   work
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a new index from a list of index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  index   index

test:  validates an ipv4 address to a given ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a list of tagging user has been removed from cron .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the given hash is an flask hash string and will also be called anymore .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  prints an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find possible values in the given string .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  parse   data

test:  load the version of the sdk by name .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  gets   null

test:  check a string in color for a given unix color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list [{'source' [{'source' api nodes to pass to assets .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure that a gem configuration is present .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  select an out of the binary image .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  select   file
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to an object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  gets log file and formats it to given log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  checks to see if the response has a given headers .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   patch
truth:  adds   null

test:  generate internalredirect .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  fetch   text
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait until filename has redis to reach a given interface .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  get the image disk for image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   image
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test various buckets and abort()s .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  walk each directory and return a list of directories in the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  walk   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read from a reflog list .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   value
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a urls url like and relative url like and the provided url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   url
truth:  if   checks

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   view
truth:  adding   check

test:  a function that module if the python greater than calling function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  class decorator to x01 polynomials from baseline outputs the similarity between two n-d coefficients .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform with f modulo a int_0^oo b*sin matrices .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a number of place from a decimal number .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the fraction from a string as a float .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return mixing representation of the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the values of a given object structure .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  return 3 values parameters m : ndarray array closest to compute array of two numbers .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  correlation   up
truth:  null   product

test:  execute command line options passed to subprocess .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  execute   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  used by windows device names .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the norm of the difference between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   validates
truth:  computes   null

test:  tests if a temporary file extension should all twisted files .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  log   pass
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of diff from git edit mode .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  preserve   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read a file from a specified table .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one letter returns contr .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional host_from_gpu closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  return the currently selected http:// => against: * url .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  convert   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a member of oauth2 .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  called   null
truth:  run   security

test:  converts a datetime object to rfc 3339 .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for the current event state .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  default   default

test:  takes a string and converts it to a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  takes   image
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for course requests .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  null   get
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that a field is at least html characters .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  register a class to be called when the layers is complete .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  remove all containers from a specified container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  base tables and a range of warnings .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  starting   roles
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  query all sql server .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  query   sql
truth:  print   print

test:  get all swap blocks that are considered to a pull request .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  report slug for remote files .
truth: get slug . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students instance containing one or limit" upload the csv file for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  map existing sample ids to their range in new .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set an instance of slice object(s) .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   set

test:  get a specific computenode entry by a specific computenode entry .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  like   like

test:  sets the current slice values .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  gather data from a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  object   read
truth:  caches   caches

test:  helper function to help create a service on service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  check top-level function spaces after class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  wrap an image and returns the result .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  wrap   get
truth:  see   null

test:  this function matches failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  function   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a ctypes key from a ifttt with the given name and read the private cipher .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test rotated variance for random test for mrg_randomstreams we crash .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the absolute file name for the sublime .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert value to float unless slashes is true .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  set the given header name in the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   response
truth:  adds   null

test:  create and collection all collection of a sequence .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  create   list
truth:  null   a

test:  random array of leading space where sample actions are drawn independently of size yields random items from the algorithm .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for marking the function names .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options object .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a file is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts arg to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  delete   generate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the directory for the __init__ test segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of all the keywords keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart service via monit .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  function which provides online classes to talk to file .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  create   up
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a dict with keys of the names and optional parameters .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  tests whether the operation has completed .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  tests   http
truth:  return   operation

test:  generates the path to the __init__ command .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  server   current
truth:  return   a

test:  register a class from a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  get all tasks for a specific inset .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieves   import
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  decorator to temporarily writes to a file object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  =   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  validate an checks for a given string .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  extract a list from a raw ip address to extract the ip addresses .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the object is some possible objects from the list of objects .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for calling link .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   link
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  allows standard variables that are not about to be suitable for tasks in a list .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  is   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  check if the asset asset is '?id .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  context   get
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  check if the current python object has been uploaded .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  if   shutdown
truth:  creates   null

test:  decorator that skips test in the decorated test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http server would like redirection .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of file modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take in a dictionary and returns its output .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  take   get
truth:  package   package

test:  if image is always being used .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  the inverse of _ .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the translated language or full frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  test data_url() validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  is the imp .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  is   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  writes one .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  writes   waits
truth:  output   output

test:  plists may have been moved to call .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  to   null
truth:  have   null

test:  executes executes a function as not builtin builtin .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign an issue signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load the current top-level fields from the given item .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a function with a prefix .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all maximal terms of the given list with terms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns file object containing profile art for a provided filename .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  download   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the configured grains of documents cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the localzone tzinfo object from the current localzone tzinfo .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output print output to stdout .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check a regression + a regression + optimization .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   resources
truth:  check   precision

test:  if a network_fn dictionary is not none .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  get   keys
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return module *modname* base path if path is specified .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  module   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal parsing function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  callback   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  return a handle to display for an reflects letter .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   function
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  view   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set to specific keypress euler .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   move
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for exception tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  run a full device by bd a full block device cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  block   a

test:  map all metadata for either a given module or id .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  receives   dispatch
truth:  set   metadata

test:  return the histogram of decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed with the given name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   a

test:  return them from *value* .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  form   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a mock to be saved .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the data response from a dict .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   compute
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  edit   get
truth:  compute   image

test:  compute the hyperbolic gradient code of the elements .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of instantiating debugger .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  provides widget date and fires states .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  provides   transform
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list items on a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels and override best labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human natural representation .
truth: formats size . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  find quota volume of xml .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  find   a
truth:  list   quotas

test:  finds the diff .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator to help create a navbar for the given words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   google

test:  make sure unicode names given in environment variables .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  unicode   compare
truth:  if   null

test:  this method creates an parsing session names to be passed .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return information for a given user cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a fragment goes through endog node .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  swaps   arrays
truth:  null   regression

test:  make all the keys in main dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  make   func
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns a dict with the specified assignment type for course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  returns   location
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the energy of the first element .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object from a place .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes the media that will be removed from the python object .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  store   store

test:  copies an cnt file to an cnt .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  copies   source
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  it should not install a package to its setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  errors   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   entry
truth:  to   method

test:  return a copy of the keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  return   controller
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security groups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   network
truth:  delete   a

test:  resolve a python identifier to a probability node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  if   null

test:  print message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  output   a

test:  get the current users preferred ip address .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  combine two nodes into a .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  combine   path
truth:  merge   merge

test:  takes a event/function name and populates it .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  construct   flags
truth:  resolve   a

test:  only load the file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  creates   a

test:  no entities .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic elements .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  generic function that remove the specified cron path to the container parent directory the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  returns a transform for the given graph class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only show for syncing msg for iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test the first tags of tags .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  results   list
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  null   input
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the name of the autotest_remote summary of the autotest_remote for use .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  url   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  writes risch by x**n in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that returns the current function as a dict .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute an item at a python implementation .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  look up directories in the user folder .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  try   check
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the directory where the files should be stored .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   attempt
truth:  bind   bind

test:  run a gui .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  run   a
truth:  display   a

test:  uninstall a task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a session in creating a session which will log all commands with the same session .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  removes duplicates from a string .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  display a skeinlayered repository .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  analyze   start
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the float returned by the iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  arrays   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract one of a set of files to csv can be "valuable" by a valid json file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously encode a datastore into a new rpc .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  prepares   returns
truth:  allocates   null

test:  given order of order prefix .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  given   in
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses timeseries data to get an iterable of tuples .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  parses   generator
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  set a single link with values from a color .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check that sphere matrix can be loaded correctly .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the expression with respect to the expression .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get absolute resources of the current resource .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test case link classes .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  link   test
truth:  test   test

test:  when a mongodb is a maxpool2d .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a single page of no amis .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the metric distances between x and compute the vectors in x .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  decorator to check that optional optional optional optional keys are required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  to   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an image volume entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  finds and returns the size of a function .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop a cluster to remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get local client for saving a local client data locally create folder for saving data locally .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a transformation .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  generator function that use a list of data basic data .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  function   unicode
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current axis instance .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  used for when attempting to create an zip submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  import and return a string like dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english objects into english .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process indentation spaces .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  do   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage that have been deleted .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register a new registry for all the messages .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  register   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the ia density function of a sine transform parameters x : 1-d ndarray .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  do anything .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  do   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a base url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representing the associated app settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  return   form
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete the specified item from the api .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  deletes   permission
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes a table of dissimilarities of attachments parameters supplied : wait output filename of the specified sample tree or file-like filepath or list of sample files of sample files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state state state function .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   column
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test mutable score .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   a

test:  the gradient squared simulate an stochastic stochastic .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common element common includes common fiedler common to common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the wsgi key from the wsgi port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  null   port
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator for api views .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be an users for this application to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculates the discrete and 5 h from a frequency model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  calculates   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in a compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  install an client in client widget .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a platform value .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validate   optional

test:  construct a profileentry from a profileentry ip address composed of type away from a given type .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check that value is an integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  check   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set new video video filter .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  shell information about a google cloud storage project path to subprocess .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  validate   pricing
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given patterns matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  try to guess the preferred codec name .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  create a single example method call for a given course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  used   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  queue view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  run a dict where the script is assigned .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a smart pointer to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text uploads by on_key_press .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get an url to the given path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  rebuild   format
truth:  return   return

test:  get helpful interpreter that isnt used by "good .
truth: format sys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   sys

test:  compute a raw array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  supress of id .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  compute the entire mean of squares and y .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   null

test:  compare a packages to a rar3 .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the path for the file: channel .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   permissions
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the name of the option to use present in question option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total userstory points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  publish a list of exploration ids .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  is   update
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cyclic logarithm of two terms in the original set .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return the energy of the expression .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the canonical source code matching the beginning pattern .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for updating local current context .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adjust search results in the search that returns a matched section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  search   search

test:  unicode graph .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns an ordereddict of netrc from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize a device to be removed from another zone .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  function   download
truth:  null   device

test:  returns a dictionary of users that are 'gdata and the memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  decide   serialize
truth:  reads   a

test:  reload of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   user
truth:  return   return

test:  create an rpc object for use with the blobstore sdk .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get setting from script config file .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the trailing coefficient of the black order of the first kind .
truth: given data x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   data

test:  raises an exception if the registered pid was not currently defined by the epoch .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  raises   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load and helpful information .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  loads   commands
truth:  run   run

test:  run command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  command   results
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  signal signal handler .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  returns the given backup directory path .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create and returns a pull-dkr .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  call and return a l{deferred} if it does not have a context .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  construct a tuple of json from an field list .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if the worker specified by checking if the worker module is pending .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  use   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network nodes that are handled by a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  quotes an instance for the query .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for the use in engine to debug-level templates using the default method .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the z mean along the relative error of a .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the published courses to allow easy to respective ccx(s) .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap an integer .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  wrap   version
truth:  call   str

test:  concatenate the css file with the specified css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  ensures   variables
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a area of a area .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change frequency of certain color to determine which need to be able to compare the selected one .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  block   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create the file pathspec .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the volumes inner filter .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if we know about certain that we can return true .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restart an ec2 plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  install   function
truth:  saves   null

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the latest version of a service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the value corresponding to the mask for the mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  for a bug improvement it returns an appropriate number of bytes .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a base class to a database with a foreign foreign .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a text to a text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns a valid country calling code for the specified national .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the version of the python module .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a function as a decorator for views that require one .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  set all widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get state and 2 associated with an object .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  a simple error handler for invitation messages .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  used   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the gui bit descriptor to process a file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  change   replacement
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a graph of the graphs in the graph .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string representing a locale inside a locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of dictionaries into parts .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   helper
truth:  split   split

test:  create new service .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  checked   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  changes directory to push .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  push   a

test:  this is a separate process of selector .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  is   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post text on number of text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   part

test:  build raw lun lun id for a given system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  run an archive of the directory names .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  run   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  see total percentage for total percentage based on the binary .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  build a list of the query string that match the query specified by the sql server .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load a hostname .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  load   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mock if the named function is present in the given path .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  list   a
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run a prescribed exit executable and return its output .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the vmin with the next axes in the current axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if package_check is not wrapped parameters svd : bool if plugins is not passed .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets a key of the encryption hash of the given key and key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  i caches .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is test and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  print   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  like assertraisesregexp .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  import   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  execute the given function and return its results .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  remove all tests from the given suffix using the given prefix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute given a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu convolution weighted model .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  translate   images
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decode a single constant encoded input .
truth: some functions . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  null   functions

test:  main program .
truth: main program . 
test:  constructs   arguments
truth:  null   program

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non csr input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   test

test:  return breadth-first-search neighbors for nodes in the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked to the linked prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verifies the signature using logger_settings[reveal_sensitive_prefix] .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the line graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a path to the filename of this archive .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test scaling of a new group .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   create
truth:  if   url

test:  returns the type of function object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper close close an exchanges position harmonic oscillator .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if a square can be written by a square square language in a given observations .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize a list into a string .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  take   a

test:  split line titles titles into a list of lines .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  return   text
truth:  split   a

test:  test whether an expression is a string .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a new directory of a user .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  given   check
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  show the list of json .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  show   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterable of terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  call   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of the configured service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single csv file with a recent open file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return a tuple with the ignores id and json id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove all logging files from the given encoding .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the probability .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  given an object or date .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  returns   validation
truth:  validates   a

test:  turns integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte integer .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  turns   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the stored item as a stored in seconds .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package has been conf .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  extracts all registered ids from the provided id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version from the request using a pyez version object .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if s is a no-op .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a app error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  this function creates the tmp[ and returns the dynamic tmp[ .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator that will run a function or run in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats of subprj order: url .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   model
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a python object .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the json representation of the given object .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert key to value .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable an object from the 404 service .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  in python 2 this is not an integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  put   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds reserved context to the task with the given reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  store request information to find an appropriate report report via the correct values .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  request   parse
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether line not correct: files are being passed .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  reset a queue to the defaults .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  func   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the volume id for a volume type .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  input   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if given arrays are equal up to elements .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  are   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert string containing only the character .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into method automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  compatibility wrapper to build an object from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this is actually an instance of the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for a list of file names from the given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update makefile command to other projects .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of the latest version of this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and vdi and vdi and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure that we can extend the data and post data in data .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  returns the messages for the specified page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the network v2 .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns limit .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  send a process to the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a dictionary of sam .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  do a string -- returns true if jid is a string .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  do   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps the directory to load an arbitrary usage cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  tests   python
truth:  obtain   a

test:  wrapper for boto3 .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns whether the field has one field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register a class with the given name .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if i is a list .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert ipv6 address to an ipv6 address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store an authorized client and returns a valid collectionsummarymodel method .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  report   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string of "length" characters from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check the currently configured slices args: total_loss: : the manual axis to check for axis returns: bool: .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  slice   slice

test:  uses the returner url to redirect the given request .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  uses   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  shut   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  the batch of a batch of sequences .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   helper

test:  list tags of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  find the unix output of a command .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  return the real url for the given domain name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return the file root directory .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  constructs   link
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all available enrolled files found in this directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no duplicates will parse the status output .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  are   configure
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  execute another command and read the result from the given args .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  use this function to set the users account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  moves   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return list of options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  list   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a plugins of a plugins .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return true if the tag is within the xpath tag in an xpath list .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function for resolving .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  function   call
truth:  get   row

test:  compute the trimmed mean of an array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  computes   role
truth:  apply   a

test:  use each certificate as a sequence containing all the values in all the sequence .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  use   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input in this form:: [{uerror: uget file:///r .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   error
truth:  input   input

test:  get an index file from a given index .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  copy images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  uploads   decode
truth:  function   function

